Put these on my 2011 can am outlander 800xt, easy to install, and being oem everything just plugged right in , even like the power switch they came with
Don't buy this item  , its not a 4 window roll up , its look nothing like the picture , they sent me some crap,  and the seller is charging me 20 % restocking fee plus I have to pay for shipping , I will never buy from them again , YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED ...
I used this rating because I liked the key fob very much but I haven't had achance to install it yet. I don't know yet how it will work or how difficult it will be to install or how well it will work. I think it will be OK though when I do install it..
Use these in addition to an LED license plate on the reverse switch to light up behind my truck. My truck with cap has terrible blind spots while backing up. Now at night I can actually see while backing down the trails. Yes a camera would help as well. As my wife said after I showed her &#34;Im blind!&#34; The pattern is a little spot lite like but in conjuction with the plate lights...outstanding
Replaced by reverse light with these and the are like mini-spot lights now.  They light directly behind me very well.  Very good at being noticed while in reverse.
Tinted windows are great untell you go to back up at night. These lights are much brighter than stock and now I can see backing up. They also cam in a nice pakage .
Hoping the longevity holds up, they seem to be built very tough but that doesn't say how the light itself will work.. They have helped out a lot with my tinted windows I can see pretty good. Plus they look pretty cool too.
The product is exactly as pictured, and is the well-made LED light come to expect from CREE.  Although the price is steep, it's significantly brighter (and a pure white brightness) than the original on my 2001 Volvo S60 reverse lights.  They're the correct fit, they send no faults to my car's automated lamp-out detection.  Only issue is with the radio on and putting into reverse, I suddenly get radio interference which didn't occur with the incandescent bulbs.
This product was bought with some reservation.  We were told by some that we would need to replace our seat covers at the cost of some 2400+$.  But I can say that 75$ later and some 12 hrs. of sweat we now have new seat covers.  Would recommend this product for the DIY person.
I build and restore Jeeps and this product is amazing. Got a sun-bleached center console? Spray a couple coats of this on it and its back to factory like-appearance. It is a match for Jeeps &#34;spice trim color. sweet.
Really really good product. I'm restoring my 1980 camaro and the paint is a great Match for the original finish. Very durable also.
I looked all over my area for a vinyl paint of any sort but all I found was substandard junk that either never dried or flaked off. This SEMS product is the best I've ever used, and an exact color match for my project. It goes on very nicely and dries to a beautiful finish.
I used this product to recolor a 944 dash and it was great. The color appears factory. It has only been a year, but there has been a lot of handling and the dash color still looks new. It works exactly as it says it will.
I used this because someone on a car forum recommended this. I painted my hood scoops on my car with this satin black spray paint and it came out AMAZING. But of course like all paint work, good results come from the prep. If you take your time in sanding your surface, this will come out very smooth. I like how the paint sticks well to the surface. Doesnt run and leaves a nice matte (or satin) finish. I did about 2 coats on my hood scoops and so far 7 months later, after the summer heat, all the rain, the winter weather i'm currently getting, it still looks like the day i painted it. I still have a 1/4 can left but i will buy one again for when i have to touch it up in the future. Def a top notch spray paint.
Awesome paint, I used Max promotor as a prep and the Ford Ranger dash and door panels came out looking good.
I experimented with several paints while changing the interior color of my truck, now I'm having to go back over the areas where I didn't use the SEM paint.  That's sand down and re-prep, lesson learned SEM is where it's at.
I saw this recommended on the Honda Ridgeline owner's forum as a good match to the dark grey (graphite) interiors used on many of the 2006-2014 Honda Ridgelines.This is great stuff. It sprayed on very easily and evenly, with no perceptible surface build up. It's like it magically changes the color without changing any of the texture or surface detail.Although the color is ever so slightly lighter than my factory dash audio bezel and dash control areas, it's close enough to be usable. This is something to consider need to customize your auto interior or repair color, as long as the color matches.
This stuff is not like normal spray paint, it goes on like a stain and provides solid even color on the first coat. It is extremely thin, perfect for keeping the stock texture the same but bad for covering up scratches. Graphite matched my other Ford (color code "T") interior parts pretty well. The paint is durable and the only way you can even tell a part has been painted is that the finish is slightly rougher.Be sure to follow the instructions from SEM's website. It is essential that the part is perfectly clean. Any spot that is not will cause the paint to bubble and will leave a noticeably different texture after it dries. Thin coats are also important, as many as you want.
Everything it says and more. Works great. Love it . Very happy. Shipped right on time. Works great on motorcycle in the rain, kept me perfectly dry in heavy rain going highway speeds. Awesome
the pants are to Large for each size. ask for one less. the quality are excelent and  the materials are warm.
The item arrived earlier than expected and was just as described in the product description. I haven't had touse the rain suit and I hope I never have to. It's the type of thing you buy for &#34;just in case.&#34; The price was right as well.
havent had the chance to use it yet hoping not to but in case i do i know i will be ready
I rode my motorcycle into work this morning in the rain.  It's about a 30 min drive and this morning it rained the whole way.  This suit kept me dry (except for a small part under my right knee, weird).  I'm very impressed with this suit.  I like the looks of it and the heavy duty feel to it.  I wish there was a pocket on tge pants but everything else is amazing! Thank you for this great rain suit!  I'm very happy with the price and the product !
I have only tried it on haven't put it to the test yet under any rainy conditions.I purchased it to use at a golf Tournament. I have used FroggToggs in  the past and was very happy with them, but this time i wanted something more and this seemed to fit the bill. I did not notice it came with no hood, Might have changed my mind if i had noticed, and the fact it has elastic in the back makes for a kind of snug fit which remains to be seen when i use it for the first time which will be in a frew weeks At my next golf tournament. So i will withhold my appraisal till then
Great value for the money. I purchased this rainsuit for the rain, as well as to use for cold-weather commuting. The suit fits true to size (I'm 5'4" and 130lbs and the small fits great). The stirups and elastic on the ankles of the pants are perfect for keeping a tight seal to avoid water (or cold air) from entering. Additionally, the pants have zipper expandable sides to allow for putting them on over my boots. Another plus is the heat shield on the lower inside of the legs...don't even think about buying a suit that doesn't have these (I've seen other suits melt on the exhaust, and then they're worth nothing).I'm not crazy about the jacket for cold weather riding, but it works great in the rain. The problems I have with the jacket are: I don't like the drawcord at the bottom (so I removed it, problem solved); the collar of the jacket is lined w/ corduroy or something, but it scratches my neck (this is the main reason I still wear my TNF jacket for cold weather riding).I ride 365 days a year, as my motorcycle is the only vehicle I own. In the past I've used ski pants and a North Face Gore Text jacket, and they work, but not anywhere near as well as the Joe Rocket RS-2 rainsuit.
The pants are great and I am using them but the jacket is way too short!The elastic belt of the jacket is way to high to be comfortable
Haven't had much chance to use this yet, but the two times it poured here, it kept me dry. No problems at all.
joe rocket is a well known name in motorcycle wear and i am a big guy 52 inches on chest and it has plenty of room for other clothing under neath
This thing keeps me completely dry in the Florida rainstorms. I just wish that A-I could get smaller pants as I'm only 5'4 and B-The pants totally unzipped to make it easier to put on with boots. It does get you warm, but I was surprised at how cool it keeps you while riding. That was a nice plus. I highly recommend and the material is really nice and you will be seen at night in this.
I was pretty excited getting this suit. The size is ok, design good. BUT! The fabric itself is NOT waterproof. What makes it waterproof is the inner rubber layer. Only after 3 or 4 uses the inner layer started to peel off from polyester fabric, leaving non-waterproof areas. What's happening durina rain is that all water that bids from waterproof areas are running inside the pants where the non-waterproof areas are!! This is the second pair of this type of water of protection pants I have and both times it starts peeling in the crotch region, so all the water runs inside my underware. So, while your legs are perfectly dry, your undeware is soaked in water.I am trying rubber pants now, like Helly Hansen Voss pants. I hope those will work...As for the jacket, I haven't wore it yet, but I am fairly sure that the same problem might appear :(UPDATE 3/5/14The pants became useless in rain because the lamination peeled off in crotch region and all water runs inside. I bought Helly Hansen Voss pants and was not dissapointed. Voss is trully waterproof!
This has come in handy on several occasions. The suit works very well. It doesn't flap around in the wind. It has a vent on the back that is adequate but not great. The jacket has a liner but the pants don't. It would have been nice to have. Overall I am pleased with my purchase. This is a great rain suit for the price.
In the second time when I use this rain suit, Pair of pant had holes and i got wet, I was te my money with this suit
got the product,  find out that the pant were kind ofto large for me but the coat fit perfectly.so i bought the medium Joe Rocket RS-2 Rain Suit andthe pants fits me perfectly.  the rain suit is use for bicyclewhen raining.  the suit is 100% waterproof,  but have toput some very warm shirt under the rain suit when it is coldweather.  i am very happy from the product,  i would recommendthis rain suit to anyone that is sick and tire of getting wet from the rain.the velcro ajusting on the coat is really great, does not let the rain goin the coat.  great product.Sincerely,  Steve
Very happy with the joe rocket rain gear. Easy to put on and store on the bike. Have used it several times since my purchase. Great investment!
I thought I would really like it. The first time I used it, the leg zippers jammed, couldn't free them. Zippers and pulls are too fine for this use !!! Hassle getting warranty coverage. Will never buy any of their products again !!!
Cons:When I opened the package I immediately saw defective stitching on the shoulder.  Not sure how this wasn't caught during quality control.  Cost me $10 in shipping to swap with the manufacturer.  Then, after first use the stitching that attaches the suspenders to the waist came apart.  Not worth another $10 to return.The cuffs at the wrists are crazy-huge.  When strapped down to their smallest size the cuff is still waaaay bigger than my entire fist. Very unusual fit.  No way to get a tight fit around any wrist.Pros:Comes with a nice storage pouch.  Bright colored.  Seems water to be tight.
The overall fit is superb and does not restrict body movements in comparison to the ST-6000 in the same size.I'm 5'9&#34; 38&#34; chest and 32&#34; inseam. Long arms.The material is more flexible and lighter than the SR-6000, and the liner in the AS-3000 makes all movements easier.The huge zippered gussets in the legs make getting these pants on over boots a breeze, and the wider cuffs and velcro on teh sleeves also helped immensely.The SR-6000 was a pain in general to get on, especially if your leathers got a little wet before putting on the rainsuit.The longer inseam and better stirrups, plus the addition of suspenders, make movement in the pants a lot less restrictive.The set-and-forget adjustable elastic waist is a lot more comfortable than the permanently tight waist on the SR-6000.I haven't worn this suit in the rain yet, but hopefully rain resistance is as good or better, given the price difference. The material seems to be the same as my Nelson-Rigg Boot Covers, and they remain waterproof after a year of above-average use.
I used it just two times and the second time that I used it the water was filtering into my Jacket, when I got to my home I reviewed the Jacket to know why the water was filtering and surprise!!! The Jacket has some scratches on the PVC backing waterproof.I don't know how it happened because the backing waterproof is inside the jacket...
This rain suit is just what I needed.  The material is breathable and has a mesh inner lining to help airflow.  The pants fit just right and have a reinforced rear end for wear and tear and reinforced inner legs for engine heat.Here's what I was looking for and this suit had it:A full velcro flap on the front of the jacket.A velcro collar with a corduroy liner and a concealed hoodVelcro cuffsA drawstring waist and jacket bottomHighly visible during reduced visibility rain stormsThe pants come with bootstraps to keep them down and zippers by the cuffs to allow ease in putting on and taking off.3M reflective striping throughout the top and bottomSuspenders to keep the pant waistband up and under the coat.If you get a one-piece suit you'll be most protected since there's no break in material.  If you have a two-piece suit you don't want rain coming in between the pants and the coat.  So it was important to me to find a set that had suspenders or a bib on the pants to keep them tucked up under the coat.  These do just that.As for fit, I'm 5'11" 185lbs.  I wear a medium in most clothing.  I wanted a suit that would fit over my clothes.  So I ordered a large.  A large on my frame fits over my jeans perfectly.  The rain coat fits perfectly over my leather jacket.  If I were to just wear the rain coat over my shirt, I would want a medium.  But because I always use my leather coat when riding, I needed a large size suit to go over my leather jacket.  The collar is the only snug part of the jacket.  It probably should be the only snug part anyway to keep rain from running down your neck.Mobility is fine in the suit.  I can twist my torso and look over my shoulders with very mild resistance from the material.Bottom line: This 2-piece suit is a good buy.  It has suspenders to keep the pants up.  It's high-visibility green.  It fits great over clothes and a leather jacket.  The inner mesh liner provides adequate breathability.  The price is reasonable compared to other competitors.  I have NOT rain tested this material.  But I'm familiar with the material in general and believe it will provide acceptable coverage.  The product claims to be seam-sealed so that no water will leak in.  If it ends up leaking one could easily buy some seam sealing glue from your local Camping store.
Loved it! First time I have had a rain suit for the Shovel Head. Rained for 400 miles and the only parts that got wet were my face, hands and boots. There was no rain blown up my sleeves or down the neck. Several commented on how well they could see me.
First the voice was not always clear. Sometimes it would give the proper reading and sometimes it would say something nonsensical. I bought this to use on my motorcycle and the head is too big to get between my spokes. It is big and bulky. I am wearing reading glasses now and I thought this would be a way that I would not have to worry about having them to check my tire pressure. It is cheaply made and I would not recommend it.
not only i love this plasma bulbs. the customer service is superb i give it a 5 star for the product and a 10 star for customer service
Garbage not bright yellow don't waste your money. Garbage not bright yellow it painted yellow Werry cheep.Cheep. Cheep.Cheep.Cheep.cheep.Don't buy it
I bought these because I was looking for a bulb that was brighter than the stock bulb.  I paid over $30 for these (along with several other bulbs from the same seller).  THEY ARE NOT ANY BRIGHTER THAN THE STOCK BULB I COULD BUY AT THE LOCAL AUTOZONE FOR FIVE DOLLARS.  WASTE OF MONEY.
I am very disapointed with these, they are not as bright as the Sylvania Silver Star halogen bulbs I wanted to replace. & the silver stars are only $10 per pair. Going with commercial led taillights instead.
Much much lighter than the original ones from Yamaha. Great material. Very well made. Super easy fit. I'm very happy.
Product seemed like it was going to be great. Until I started to put them on, and the hex bolt was way to long!! WTH? Use your old bolts or get a different set. Maybe mine was just a freak occurance, kind of hard to mess up something so easy on purpose. So I'll give the company benefit of the doubt. Didn't return them, just looking for those old bolts still.
These sliders look great on my bike, they also feel heavy and durable which is even better. I would have paid more for these then the price they have listed as It was hard to find the spiked spool sliders for my bike, so thank you!
It's really weird to tighten the bolt, it comes with a special tool. I lost one of them because i was unable to tie it hard enough. Looked really good when it was on.
Finally got these today for my 2005 CBR1000.  I bought them mainly because my right bar end was missing.  The polished aluminum looks real nice!But be aware that they are larger than the stock bar ends.  This caused them pinch my rubber grips and thus cause the throttle to stick.  To fix, I trimmed the edge of my throttle grip which allowed for some gap.  Unfortunately, the exacto knife I used was a bit dull so the trim job looks kinda crappy.  Oh well, beats having a sticky throttle.I still like them, though.
They look great and are real sharp looking. They are a little thin but it doesn't affect my driving ability. The good out weighs the bad and I would definitely by them again. I've read other posts and if the color of the grips change in the Florida sun i will be sure to make an update. Ride Safe!
Hand grips look great in the beginning, black and nice, however this will not last hand grips will change color from black to brown will in my case they did, contacted seller I recommend a photo for damages they inclined, sent photo, however they informed me cant change re: 30 days return has ended.
Thank you very much. My son was extremely happy. He couldn't wait to put them on as soon as I gave them to him.
Really Stoked for my new grips, just got them on yesterday!! Feels natural and didnt have any problems installing. A lil time consuming and patients is key but definitely would do it again!! Great Product and For sure a Rubber Necker at the stop lights. Makes the bike look meaner and obiviously more custom with the GSXR on the grips.
First off... they are hard to get used to and they are slippery with regular riding gloves. (get gloves with awesome silicon grips ALL OVER the palm and fingers).Installation: if you know what you are doing installation should only take about 20-30 min.If you have larger hands these might be iffy. They are a slimmer grip. If you look closely at the picture you can see the concave toward the center of the grip.As with all grips, I advise using some sort of adhesive spray, especially on the clutch side. The allen screws are there, but they are not nearly enough. I was riding to work one day and the grip slid off as I was bringing the front wheel back down because I did not spray enough glue. Took it home, sprayed a lot more glue and NEVER had another issue.Like I said, they are hard to get used to because of the lack of grip. But they look great.
they look good on my bike. really is a eye catcher, and the best part is ,they didnt hurt my pockets. i would buy from you again.
I ordered this product for my husband, and he loves them. They look great and he has had no problems as of yet with them slipping off. He has had these on for several weeks now. Gets tons of compliments
These laser enhanced spike grips are great... They are very comfortable on the hands... I thouht at first I was going to have a problem with the grips getting hit it the sun but they dont... They also make my bike stand out a lot more too... For anyone who is thinking abt getting them for there bike, u are not making a mistake...
Excellent.  Would recommend to everyone. Easy to install a little rough on palms but still worth every penny.. took a long trip to Daytona with them on
Got these to bling out my 50 cc scooter and replace the cheap, hard grips that came with it.  Installation instructions made them a breeze to put on.  They feel great and look cool, hand fatigue is much reduced.
Loved the product easy to install, had an issue with one of the lights but they were quick to and didn't hesitate to send me another one! And for that they deserve a 5 star rating!! Love the service guys, keep up the good work!
installed on a 2004 lexus rx330its a great looking addition for night time to see around the car and it looks cool! installation was simple, i took off my sideskirts and drilled even holes to fit 5 lights on each side. then i wired each side to the &#34;lexus&#34; logo by the bottom on the inside of the driver and passenger side so that it would gradually become brighter rather than abruptlyit was tricky finding a route to hide the wires, i had to go behind the front wheel wells and wired it up to the inside. it looks great and is very handy, highly recommend for a fun/easy mod
So I bought these cause I was switching over to clear turn signal assemblies and still wanted that amber/orange color light and I couldn't find any this size as a regular bulb.Cons:* Not bright.* Barely visible during a sunny day.* Very loose in light socket.
These bulbs are MUCH longer than a standard 194 bulb.  Consequentally, I can not even use the bulb because it wont fit in my tail light.
The product did everything it was intended to do. I unplugged the old bulb, plugged the LED replacement in. Light happened.
Really bright, white light!  I think I will put them in all of my vehicles in the near future!  Good price also
I bought Red Dual Filament LED lights for my rear taillights and Brake light,s Big Mistake Should have used White Dual Filament lights because the lens are red and the red light makes it seem dimmer than the regular bulbs ! If your lens are red buy White Lights !!
Super super fast shipping...easy to install....just plug in...... no tools needed ......look awsome in my car.....would highly recommend to anyone.....item was exactly as described......
Easy installation, improvement over standard car lights, description as advertised, saves in battery life - bright looking lighting for my SUV.
about 70% as bright as the stock bulbs, which is not terrible. A good choice if you just need them for the instant on capability of LEDs, or to use in conjunction with a brake light modulator, or just to reduce current draw. They look kinda pretty but lack the coverage really necessary to properly utilize a standard reflector housing.
These bulbs helped me blow another set of fuses! They are terrible stay away also the build qulaity was horrendous and the smds were not soldered professionally!
Received the bulbs as described.. No issues.. Heavier bulb than expected and bright.. Appears a true heat sink around LEDS, not plastic..
very nice product and good product, I will order again if more products will become and my daughter love it.
I love my bows..They are a pretty decent size & they arrived on time. The seller also gave me a free bonus Hello Kitty decal of the outline of Hello Kitty's face. It was white and cute & will be added to my truck to make it even more cute. I will most definitely order from this seller again!
Sticks well. I purchased two. One for my car and one for my daughter's corvette power wheels. It sticks on the plastic and does not peel.
those bows are exactly how they said BUT the only thing that was wrong with this was that they put the bows to close together one of the bows as a cut and it's noticable i was unable to fix it due to them over lapping one another just abit.
The bows arrived in excellent condition. My granddaughter was thrilled. She had lost all her Hello Kitty decals in a car wreck. She had minor injuries for which we are thankful especially since the woman who hit her  hit hard enough to trigger the air bags.
These are exactly what I wanted! After reading other reviews, I was a little hesitant because some said they were too big or too small, BUT I liked the first ones I ordered so much that I places another order as a backup set. The second order had bigger bows than my first order did, so just note that they COULD be smaller or larger than expected, but that clears up the mixed reviews.
Wayyyy smaller than expected. But cute Hello Kitty bows! I wouldn't say they are car decals because of the size but good quality vinyl.
Love the vinyl sticker... and it's durable, too.  I decorated my pink and white jet ski with Hello Kitty and this stayed on quite well this summer despite the water and exposure to the weather.
I love Hello Kitty and these decals are going to go beautifully on my car when I finish gathering my stickers!
They're cute, but they're super tiny and I was expecting something bigger. I didn't even bother putting them on my car-- they're much to small. They arrived on time though and the color is very pretty and bright.
This was very cute on my car and easy to put on as well. Looks great and has stayed on from the car wash too.
I really like the decals. I received them very quickly. They were easy to apply. I just wish the were a little larger.
Got this for my brand new car. It makes it look girly which I like Will be ordering more products from here
They came super fast & i am very pleased! To all my Hello Kitty fans this will make your car look fabulous! Love these totally!
These bow stickers are too precious. They are a bit larger than shown in picture which worked out perfectly for me. Deliver was very prompt and in perfect condition. I will definitely order from this seller again!!!
How big//length  is the hellokitty bow vinyl sicker??? I'm trying to see if its the correct size to order it and place it on the back miorr of my car
Perfect gift for lover of Hello Kitty, Very cute and unusual fits most cars even new ones. She loved them
The stickers were awesome , they were just smaller than I expected them to be, I wouldn't name the product car decal because there small bows
They look amazing! Very bright red.  Brings out the red accent (assuming you have a red accented car) in your car.2 things to know before you buy (wouldn't have changed my mind if I knew before hand)- They are slightly smaller than the OEM decals.  Not a big deal just a little FYI- Each letter is an individual piece that sticks.  It's not a single piece decal like the OEM.All-in-all Perfect! I love the vibrant red and it's only $3!!! LOL Definitely a great buy and perfect for the little extra "non-stock" look.
High quality and bright vinyl, required modifying for my application but the transfer paper was sticky yet forgiving, and went on without a hitch. Highly recommend.
easy to install. good looking and nice quality. buy these to accent your Honda bought a  set of three colors for less than the price on one from another seller.
I originally got the blue lights by Cree until I found out that I could be pulled over for them. I switched with these white lights and it looks better this way anyway. They match my headlights and give my car a nice finish. Way better than the amber oem lights. I have had them in for over a month now and both are still working and I have been doing a lot of driving. All in all I think they are a pretty good deal.
I have a 2013 honda accord sport an it makes my car look sexy. I would totally recommend this product.
Looks grear but a DRL sign turn on on the dash board, I sent a message to the saler of this product to know if there is a solution, but no one answer me. Regards.
LED plugged and played like the should. So much nicer than the factory yellow looking lights. VeryEasy to install.
This just accents the car even more. I drive a 2013 Honda accord sport and the lights just make it POP. Super sharp.
So far very satisfied does what I need it to do charge up my phone in the car and the bright blue light makes it easy to see that it is charging.
land of the free and home of the brave. got that right, these colors never run figuratively and literally yo
bought it for a friends car, looks great and isnt a big bulkyI recomend this if you want it for a subtle not overwhelming bumper sticker
The stars are a little smaller that the Sticky Chimp flag but the red is dark and looks Great .
After 8 months the decal is Pink, White and Robin's egg blue.It is definitely not the lasting quality I expected!
This stick is sticky, but not super sticky.  I got it to put on my beer drinking cooler and represent America.  It didn't stick very well, I had to use super glue to make it stay.  Thats fine, this was a difficult surface to apply I stick, I get that.
Love it and the fact that it's made in the USA! It's now on my car.lair WehrmannDallas, Texas
I wanted a USA flag for the back window of my truck. So I got this sticker and it sticks! It's a good quality, 3&#34;x5&#34; sticker.
I bought one a stuck it right on the door of my school locker. Great way to show patriotism and make the locker look less boring. The stickers quality is decent and seems like it would hold up in tough weather. Buy it, only about 2 bucks, can't hurt :P
Not your usual cheap decal..good quality, great coloring qualityperfect size.Hope it last on my boat awhile.Many nice compliments.
Great little flag for the side of my golf cart. The colors are very good and the vinyl seems to be quite nice very happy for the price
How do you mess up ole glory?  I bought a new (used) truck & ordered this to go on the cab window behind the driver.  It looks good & was easy to install.
This sticker is very nice looking and have real fine and vivid color. It is made of a heavy piece of plastic or vinyl and sticks very well to and clean smooth surface. Will not hesitate to order more, nice product.
These are not 3x5 as advertised, but rather 4x6 and very low quality. Way too big for back window where I am replacing a worn decal.On receipt in packaging the Seller offers an additional "free" sticker they will send to you if you give them a five star rating, but would not make their error right by sending me the correct sticker ordered, insisting I must return the sticker to them before they do anything. Makes no sense.BUYER BEWARE. You have been warned.
Great quality vinyl.  No air bubbles when applying it.  Supporting a product that represents America, made in America, by Americans!  What's not to like?
The 5 stars rating speak for it self.John
The blue is much more dull than the photo indicates.  The edging is also poorly done in terms of the colors (there is an uneven white border).
Perfect sizing. I have like 3 or 4 of these and keep giving them to family members. What else can you say? Except &#34;'Merica!&#34;
I really like this Decal great quality it was more than i expected to be and I will get some more soon and yeah i will recommend anyone to purchase from this seller.!! and they do have fast delivery.!
The red color on the decal I received is a shade lighter than the one on the picture. It's still red, and still looks like the American flag, so it doesn't bother me.I found it rather hard to apply without having any air bubbles underneath it, but with a little work it goes on with no trouble.A great way to be patriotic while not being over the top.
these are a lot bigger than you would expect, for that price sweet deal. slam these on my laptop and truck. represent where i been and where i want to go. GREAT PRODUCT AND COMPANY.
$2.25 for the sticker and $20 for shipping and handling (expidited). Just to see if I was seeing things I checked out buying 20 of them. YUP $45 in shipping and handling for 3-5 day service. This gives you a 1 star for gouging on the back end. Decal was good but the shipping fees are hilarious.. For instance I can ship 2000 of these per weight across the country for under $20. With a 3 day UPS. If you can figure out how to sell on Amazon better with actual shipping fees this would be a good deal. High quality but at the price of shipping your better off buying a sticker machine.
Great quality. These stickers will last a long time and are very sticky. I placed them on ammo cans and vehicles and all are doing great.
sticker is stiff like a business card. just put it on today,  im a big fan of conservative bumper stickers and this one is the easiest to apply yet.
Currently occupying the top left corner of my laptop. It's perfect, so far much more durable than the one I had on my old laptop.
Old Glory looks great on my rear window.  It sticks well, doesn't fade, and shows my pride in flying the flag!
Don't buy this sticker!!!!  The blue isn't the correct color of blue!!!! also the red almost looks like it's a bit orangish. this is just a waste of your money!  look at the last 3 reviews by date.  We all are saying the same thing.  whatever they're sending isn't what's depicted.  also just for the heck of it I peeled up a corner to see how the glue was and I can sum it up with one word...terrible.  I can't see this having any chance of sticking to a vehicle for more than a month.  the glue doesn't even stick to my arm hair!  Again all I can say is what a joke!  Amazon should pull these from the site IMMEDIATELY!
About the service:The sticker was folded when I received it at the first time, and then I contacted them about it. They sent me a replacement with my another order.About the product:I actually ordered two stickers from two different sellers on Amazon. and I compared the two stickers. This sticker is the winner, much much better than the other one which I ordered from another seller. Besides, It's very colorful ( darker than the other one). Just by looking at the surface, you can tell it will last many years.Just order this one, you will be happy about it.
I've been buying lots of bumper stickers lately for some reason.Nice quality stickerReasonable price.Looks pretty good.'murica!
I haven't put this on the bumper of my truck yet, but itlooks really heavy duty.  I just want to show my patriotismand this looked like the best way.  I also got a Coloradosticker and it seems to be the same sturdy item. BTW,the shipping cost is about triple the cost of the stickers,so plan on paying 6 bucks for a sticker that is $1.49.
Love the thing. Have already been getting looks with it. Wanted a way to show my patriotism and what better way than a fine USofA decal like this? Thanks again!
got this to stick it on the back of my macbook pro, it looks great and i love it when the products are made in the United-States.. I'm going to get a few more!
Weeeeeeeepaaaaaaa! Boricua baby! This is a good size bumper sticker. Vibrant color and a must have for any proud Puerto Rican.
rico, great a vaction spot and couldnt meet nicer people love that place. let the good times roll . .
Love this sticker.the last time i bought one from a different brand it was very poor quality and the colors faded alot.so this one is 1000% better
Con=againstFederate=federal/union governmentBe a rebel for the win!:)lets claim our rights, be sovereign..learn your rights..get back to common law...
I love this company, I am a flag geek so I can get flags from all the states I have lived in, yes including NJ. As for shipping, I order a bunch at a time so the per unit cost drops fast. I accidentally sanded the paint of top tube of my $2k road bike, Don't ask. To solve the issue cheaply I covered it the with flags from AZ(home), Co(dream home) and Belgium(dream bike and beer home). Gave my bland white frame a sense of color and a person touch. The sticker are well worth it if you buy a few or dozens at once. Great looking on roof box too as an alternative to euro ovals. Hope this helps.Oh ya, great for school projects too. I'm done, but them in bulk!
FOR SOME REASON OF ALL THE STATE FLAG STICKERS I MOUNTED ON MY BUMPER THIS ONE CAME OFF IN LESS THAN A MONTH... WAS REALLY ODD....
This sticker did not meet my expectations. It's flimsy and thin. Not &#34;heavy duty&#34; as it is described in the title. I cannot say if it was the mail carrier or vendor's fault that I received it filled with dents and wrinkles.
The sticker came exactly as it looks, and was brand new. No problems with anything, overall very satisfying, got exactly what i wanted.
I bought these because my idiot county wants to secede from the State of California,  This is a good way of showing my opposition with out being obnoxious.  I bought enough to give to my friends.
dated a girl from here, so i wanted a sticker to throw on my truck to always remember. i will nice
dated a girl from here, so i wanted a sticker to throw on my truck to always remember. i will
Had to have for my tool box. Gotta show the love for my birth state. Good sticker and fast sender thanks a lot.
I love putting all these different flags all over my gym. thinking of what each brings to the world of MMA and fighing in general.
High quality, good material. Worth the money. Wanted a way to show my birthplace, living across the continent. This does the job nicely.
its tennesse but i use it as dragon ball z motivation ya heard? very well made stickers very pro company i have over 12 seprate orders or more of 10 flags
Exceeded expectations; highly recommend.  Heavy duty high-gloss material looks terrific on the truck.  Buy some for your Yankee friends so they can catch the Texas Spirit (that's why people from all across America flock here...)
just what i needed, for a decoration in my bathroom. so glad i ordered it. wish i had more of them
Product has great color and package came with no problem. size was accurate and quality is on point. recommend product
Exactly what I wanted and what you decribed it to be and the perfext size to put on the back indow of my new car!  Looks great, I have to order more. Thank you!
Not a whole lot to say but the sticker is exactly what I was expecting.  The quality is high, the colors are not faded in any way and looks nice once applied.  Combined with the price, I would order this again if I needed another sticker.
Its great - need this for my car being a misplaced Native Texan. Size of a 3X5 card and thick with great adhesive. It arrived intact, no bends or creases and sooner than estimated.Only had it one month so too early to tell how it holds up to sunlight and fading.UPDATE 10/2012 - great sticker, doesnt fade or fall off after repeated car washes. just ordered 2 more for other vehicles.
how could you not luke a country that is a exiled unwanted s. this is a fantastic flag with fantastic people
this is such a cool flag love it looks fantastic and Cambodia is very beautiful and peaceful. stay cool every one fine company
kung fu maybe you havent heard china is pretty chill. nin ho ma to all my fellow mandarin speakers. bye
great product. these are very strong and durable stickers. can put just about anywhere in door or out. thank you.
great stickers, me and all my siblings have it on our rear windshields to show our czech pride! thanks again
I love Israel and this bumper sticker was very good quality and price. I put it on the day I got it!:)
Great sticker, good size, is holding up well to washing and waxing, on the back of my car.Good quality and no fading in the Texas sun thus far.
A real beauty.  Matches the old Scottish flag that I proudly fly.  Absolutely perfect.  Clean, crisp lines and colors.  Well-made.  Going right in my truck window.  Proud of my heritage; glad to have this sticker.  Thanks.
I got one for the office and one for the car... might need a few more because these are AWESOME!
If you have Scottish ancestry, you'll like this Scottish flag featuring the cross of St. Andrew, patron saint of Scotland. Show your colors! It's just right for a bumper or a notebook.
Been on the bumper of my car for over a year now and it is not showing any signs of wear and tear.
St. Andrew's Cross.  The Saltire.  Scotland's modern U.N. flag.  Being Scottish, I had to get this.  Accurate blue.  It's bold, durable, and is going right in the rear window of my truck.  Perfect.  Highly recommended and well-priced.  Thank you.
Looks great, sticks well and doesn't fade.  St. Andrews would be proud to see it on my rear window! Get One!
This is a sticker that I got for my motorcycle because I think the people in Tibet have benn getting the shaft for too long.
The print quality of the sticker is equivalent to that of an amateur printing out a jpeg image out a home Epson printer. Do not recommend.
The sticker was $1.29 and the shipping cost was $7.05, despite the fact that it arrived in an envelope with a single stamp.
This Union Jack looks grand on my rear car window...sticks great and the weather does not affect it!  Long live the sticker!
craftsmen ship, great work, love it. all the specs were to my desire thank you very much. welsh proud awesome
Nice bright color, sticks well, it is just the right size and looks great!  I'm very pleased with the purchase.
It's a sticker / decal. I stuck it to the back of my car. What more can you say about a sticker / decal?
We were looking for something we could attach to our cars to remind other drivers that people our still going off to war and fighting in Afghanistan.  This is perfect because we're asked all the time what it means, opening the door for that conversation.
Great value for the price. I will view this perfectly-sized bumper sticker in my window rather than the bumper while my son is serving beginning in October. Other military websites were asking triple the price.
I bought this for a good friend who's son has left for Afghanistan. I actually bought several for them, one for each car and their boat. It meant alot to them and they will put it on their cars with pride. I remember having one both times my husband deployed. The cost is nominal and shipped quickly.
AIR FORCE ONE OF THE BRIGHTEST OF AMERICAN FORCES. THANKS TO ALL THE MEN AND WOMEN OF THIS GREAT COUNTRY
This is a really nice looking, quality sticker. I stuck it on my locker at work. Looks great, and clings well to the surface. POW-MIA, May they never be forgotten.
team 6, do i really need to even say anymore. the best of the best. the flag Hollywood movies are made on. greatness
If you have a person in the program show your support.  What they go through to get where they want to be is truly &#34;HELL WEEK&#34;.
Put one on each side of my rig with American flags aft of them. Always get smiles and thumbs up from what I figure are either sailors or very proud Americans. They will come down when we are at peace and not until then.As for they decals they are very strong and have not discolored or faded in a year so I strongly recommend purchase from this brand.
Looks wicked good on my new truck.Can't really complain about it.It sticks to the window and looks sharp.
Colors did NOT fade and has not peeled. Even after sitting in full sun for months! I am very happy with the high quality of this sticker.
the finally frontier. this is where we were alll born and this is where we will all . well you know
I got 2 of these. Neither made it a full month in the summer before it faded and peeled off the cars.
This sticker was anything but heavy duty. By the second month it had already faded to pink and started to crack. Ended up having to remove it because it looked as if it had been on my vehicle for four years instead of four months.
This is what the original emblem used to look like.  The sticker is very high qaulity and will hold its ground during any type of car wash if you apply to your car.
Looks great on my car and relays a message that  &#34;WE THE PEOPLE&#34; need to be vigilant and not accept abuses by our government.
The sticker is thick and good quality. I've had it on my car now for 1 year and it hasn't faded or peeled.
These bumper stickers were such a great price, I bought several. Good thing because everyone wanted one. They get the message out: short and sweet. My suggestion: buy several and share!
Cheaply made....... was not at all satisfied! Would have gave a half star if it was available!!! Do not buy!
no clue what this is a flag of i just like the snake and the slogan. seems pretty dangerous. ool beans with me
Very bright and thick. I ordered 10 of these and have already put 3 of them on my vehicles. They stick good and seem like they will be very durable.
Vivid colors and good printing. Solid backing and appears to be strong. It is not done by a fly-by-night operation.
This is a top quality decal.  The image is very detailed and stands out as the Gadsden flag should.  It goes on easy and holds up well.  I've washed it many times and these colors don't run.  I've received numerous positive compliments and have put them on all 5 of my vehicles despite my wife's request not to.  These stickers are a great value and I recommend everyone get one and make a political statement.
This sticker is junk. It feels like a dentist office sticker they give to kids. Not a legit vinyl sticker. Don't waste your time. Plus it took well over a month to receive a stupid sticker.
I bought this decal for the back of my Cherokee and it has lasted about four years. It's only now beginning to peel at the edges, but that's a pretty good run for a Jeep parked outside all year in Florida's sunshine and heat. The colors haven't faded at all.
I love this bright yellow flag sticker.  It's just large enough for when a Tea Party hating person rides your bumper in traffic to see as you're flashing them "a sign"....  What else to say, it comes off the backing paper easily, it didn't run in the car wash.Get one, get 100 for family and friends!You won't find THIS sticker in the vast majority of stores.  Even my local "flag store" is censoring the message and not carrying this......
Only time will tell if it stands the test of time and weather/sun. But so far it looks good and is as advertised.
I placed the flags on the table as take away gifts for the staff and they loved them to pieces..
$7 is a lot of shipping for something that just arrives in an #10 envelope. Boo Hiss. Great price for the sticker but they make all their money gouging you on shipping. This is why I gave them two stars. The fact that it's a good sticker saved them from a one star rating.
I'm from the UK and use Swan Slimline filters for my roll ups. While living here in the US I found it hard to find this product. Most smoke shops only carry the regular filters, which are just too large for the job. While specifically looking for Swan Slimline filters on Amazon I came across Greatdeals4You and their prices are extremely fair compared to what I pay in the UK. I have a few mates here who have gone to rolling up their own cigarettes and they definitely appreciate the slim filters to the large bulky ones.
I like these filters because they make teeny-tiny cigarettes. I don't smoke near as much and they're just so darned cute!
I've been a fan of these filters since I first bought them. They are not wrapped in paper and I think it makes them easier to roll but beware if the filter sticks out as it will cause the cigarette to smoke funny with the entxa air coming in.
My favorite filters and all I use.  Grips tight into the cigarette, I roll smaller smokes and the size works well.
I've used this product for almost a year to jump start several vehicles  on four or five occasions and to keep the pressure up in a slow-leaking tire until it could be repaired. It worked without fail. The LEDs let me know when to recharge it. The pressure gauge is accurate within plus or minus 5 lbs; close enough until I use an accurate gauge. The trouble lights are adequately bright for repairs at night. This is a very handy tool.
I knew I had made a terrible purchasing decision when I unpacked this jump starter and noticed how cheaply it was built.  Within 48 hours of charging and using the device I had the following problems:1) The built-in pressure gauge failed the first time I used the compressor.2) One of the internal lamps failed and can not be easily replaced because the lamp housing is sealed.3) The inverter works but at nowhere near the 150W rating that is statedFrom the "engrish" in the manual it is obviously manufactured overseas.  Don't expect any warranty support either as there is absolutely no contact information for the manufacturer in the documentation provided.
The dog will play with this at night until he's just worn down.  He really sleeps well afterwards, but I now buy the batteries in bulk.  They don't last too long and changing them is not easy.
Very sturdy and well made .LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Mopar is the best .I ordered a Addias also ,not near the quality of this one
love anything mopar. came with a keychain too. great price, i cant find anything in this one horse town of bossier city louisiana. thanks motorhead
Fits perfectly! Easy to put on! And makes a small but noticeable difference! So far I've seen no other veloster in Virginia with them!
Great accent pieces for your veloster. fit great, looks sharp, easy to install. perfect for someone who wants a more aggressive look to the front bumper.
As always our new cell phone came with only 1 car charger adapter plug. Not wanting to transfer the plug frequently we wanted a charger for our other vehicle. This one works perfectly, the price is reasonable, it performs perfectly, like the one that came with the phone. and it fits our needs.
What got into HIGH FLYER. He should turn his hearing aid on. Maybe he doesn't like songs that tell real  stories, but likes his music homogenized. MALICK writes from the heart and plays guitar with a warts and all style that is his. While no virutoso depending on blistering speed to get his point across, he plays with loads of feeling and without resorting to cliche's. Don't take HIGH FLYER's word for it. Both MALICK cd's ( the other one with AMYL JUSTIN ) are excellent listening and will grow on you with every listen. I have 1000 or so cd's and both of MALICK's cd's still get regular airplay. Only about 50 or so cd's that have been in my collection that long could make similar claims.
This review is exactly the same review that I gave for Peter Malick's CD called "Sons of The Jet Age."  Both CD's are pathetic excuses for music.  Do not waste your time or money.Believe it or not, I am a huge fan of Peter Malick and his work.  His efforts and skills on two more recent CD's called "New York City" and "Chance and Circumstance," are remarkable.  On these, his guitar work is among the best I've ever heard.  The overall song quality and the sound production on these two CD's is phenomenal.  I liked "New York City" and "Chance and Circumstance," so much that I would have bought anything that involved Peter Malick at that point. However, that was certainly a mistake.  I am just so glad that I listened to  "New York City" and "Chance and Circumstance," before I bought "Wrong Side of My Life" and "Sons of The Jet Age."However, once again, it begs the age-old questions.  What is it that makes a song good?  How can someone do such fascinating, brilliant, and genius-type work on one or two CD's, and then just absolutely stink the place up on two others?  How did the Rolling Stones (as young kids) produce the Let It Bleed and Sticky Fingers albums, but then struggle to ever produce anything like them ever again?  How did Michael Schenker do his best songwriting and guitar playing as a young teenager, then sink to the point of anonyminty after that?  How did Led Zeppelin (as young kids) produce such a high volume of quality albums for their first six, then fall flat on their face (and don't give me the Bonham death excuse, because that don't cut it)?Here is the good news.  In the case of Peter Malick, there is still hope.  I'll give him the benefit of the doubt because "Wrong Side of My Life" and "Sons of The Jet Age" were his first two attempts.  Peter's most recent work is his best work, and hopefully he will stay on track from here.
Kind of a steep price for a plastic keychain, but worth it for fans. I would not use this as an actual keychain, as it has little doodads that would break off easily. You can pose his little arms! Ufortunately, the batteries were dead when I recieved it, so I have not heard his voice yet. He arrived quickly and was packaged well. He is a great addition to growing collection of little robots on my desk!
The one I bought online reportedly worked just fine.  (I was a bit worried that the batteries would be dead.)  I'm glad I bought it, as it had the desired effect of cheering up a friend.
I had no problem powering my toshiba laptop with this inverter.  I was  drawing approximately 140 watts -- a bit more than one amp and things work  fine.The short answer is that it works great, when plugged in to a car  battery (ie via the cigarette lighter port), as it was intended to be  used.It's possible that you could plug this inverter into some hokey  battery-charging device meant to 'recharge' your auto battery, but I doubt  that you'll get that much power out of it as you only get out most of what  you put in.
I bought the old model of this that offered with it a nice rebate.  Unfortunately, without testing the product I sent in the UPC barcode.  THE NEXT DAY I tested it and realized that it made a loud whistling sound, and meanwhile the standard fan noise is quite excessive.I contacted the rebate company well before they received my letter with the rebate materials (and before processing) asking if they could send it back to me.  Even with emails and finally speaking to a customer rep on the phone, they would not budge and said it could not be sent back to me once received.Meanwhile, now my only recourse is to ask for a replacement (of this CRAP product) from Belkin, and yet even if it's proven defective I have to pay for the return shipping.Buy at your own risk!!!!!!
This product is rated at 140W, 1.2A output (uses 11A DC).It is similar to the F5C400-140W, one of several output levels now available from Belkin(50, 140, or 300).
I bought this over a year ago and it was an excellent purchase.  I plugged a power strip into this, and use it to charge my Compaq Armada laptop, cell phone, and a AAA battery charger all at once without any problems.  Having AC power in the car is quite convenient.
I've had a few of these bags for years.  I used to have pretty bad allergies and went through a lot of tissues when traveling.  The elastic opening keeps trash in, but opens wide enough when stretched to swallow large cups, crumpled up fast-food bags, napkins, tissues - just about anything.  It holds quite a lot.  Comes with a velcro strip that can be stuck somewhere (I prefer it to be just to the right of the center console, near the floor so it's easy to reach, but blends in with the floor mat.  However I found the velcro strip's adhesive didn't stick will to the car's plastic interior and was no use after a short while.  Perhaps get some velcro strips with better adhesive, or screw it in place.  The other half of the velcro is attached to the bag so you can keep it in place, or remove it for cleaning/emptying/etc.The cord is ok for hanging it off the front head-rest for use in the back (which we do in our minivan).  This totally beats small rectangular trash cans we've had previously that tend to get knocked over, dumping their contents all over again.As mentioned elsewhere, the bottom is folded twice and secures with a velcro strip across it's entire length.  It's very secure - nothing leaks or has any chance of slipping out.  When opened, it's very easy to dump the contents out through the bottom into a trash can.I only gave it 4 out of 5 due to the velcro - otherwise it works perfectly.
For several years my brother had a similar (though significantly less durable) in-car trash bag. It was slightly larger but, not having the elastic top, simply spilled things if you filled it up. The velcro on the bottom also wasn't "fold-over" like this. Not that I intend to try myself, but I've seen liquid poured into these with little to NO leakage! That's wonderful! Heaven forbid the idiot in the back seat throws an ALMOST empty soda in upside down! lol I also got some comparably sized trash bag inserts that are held in by the elastic top band nicely! This prevents ANY spilling and makes for easy disposal! Tie the top, unvelcro the bottom, and slide out your sealed trash bag! Works MUCH better than my plastic grocery bag hanging off one side of the shifter! (also doesn't take up leg room in the passenger seat!)Excellent product, especially from the price!
The only reason I didn't give this 5 starts is because I'm having a problem finding a place to hang it.  NOT a product problem, it's an issue with me and my vehicle (I don't want to block vents by attaching this to the passenger area in front.  Also note mine came with a webbed, adjustable strap - not the string setup in the picture.
I bought it to help keep my car clean.I like the easy discharge, simple.I didn't like that it get dirty quickly from abroad.
I love this little trash bag.  It is compact enough to be out of the way and is super easy to empty. The bottom unrolls to empty and rolls back up easily.
With regards to its cost, it worth every penny you spent.The design is good. It's very easy to empty the trash. It's very light and you can hang it to a passenger seat and it is barely noticeable if your car equips with a black leather.The size is okay. Probably two to three cans. Overall, highly recommend!
I bought 2 of these for my van, and they surprisingly hold quite a bit, and do their job. We have them hanging around the head rests, so they aren't too appealing to the eye, but it's better than having trash everywhere. And, they are easy to empty. We are satisfied and consider it a good purchase.
I bought this to go in my '05 Subaru Impreza OBS, since I needed a new one to replace one that I bought 10+ years ago. This one totally puts that bag to shame, as lame as that may sound. The elastic top keeps the trash in, and the rolled bottom makes releasing the trash very easy. I appreciate the way that it hangs as well, keeping its top frame from being too cumbersome and taking away any of my valuable space inside my compact car. Great purchase, and for a killer price.
this is a small and cute bag, a book size.If you have a long drive trip, you may need a bigger one, except dump it often.if you have kids on the trip, you need a bigger one.
Functions just as it should, really.  Trash goes in the top, opens at the bottom to catch into a bigger bag and toss.  My kids even got the hang of using it so I'm really happy!
i used to be notorious for having left over trash and junk in my car.  not any more.  this thing is sleek/unobtrusive, holds a lot of trash, is easy to empty, quite possibly the best car trash bag ever.  i just dump it when i go to the gas station.  the bottom opens up easily to dump the trash.  the top elastic ring works well for one handed use.  it was just what i needed.
This is a great little litter bag for a car.  I put mine on the back of the driver's seat headrest for the back seat passengers to use.  I like the fact that it isn't totally open on the top so that it keeps the trash in the bag and doesn't easily spill if it gets knocked around a little.
I love this trash bag. Looks nice and I dont have trash all over the car.Good quality. I love the fact that bottom of it opens up. Its great.
Great product!Sleek design, not bulky like other trash containers I have tried in my cars. The best part is the opening in the bottom for easy releasing. Every time i go to the car wash, I unfasten the clips, detach the velcro bottom, and voila! it's that simple!
This is a great trash bag.  It is light weight with a small expandable opening at top to allow room for trash to go into the bag and a velcro opening at the bottom to allow trash to easily be emptied.  The like the slim-line design -- It is the best trash bag for the car that I have ever owned.
This bag is great for keeping the trash together in one spot in the car.  Before I got it I would throw garbage on the backseat floor and clear out every couple weeks, which made for a cluttered gross back seat floor. This handles that pretty well. Couple cons though, it is smaller than the picture might indicate so it fills up rather quickly (make sure to check out the dimensions), and it is not always easy to empty out.  The velcro does hold the bottom closed very well, just if it is really full, you might have to reach in and pull stuff out when you empty it.  This is still much better than grabbing the crap off the floor, and I am very happy with the purchase.
Got a new car so I bought a new litter bag.  Had to order two more because wife and kid wanted one for their car.
Easy to out trash and I like it because it's very convenient for me, specially when you have kids eating inside the car.
This car trash bag works great. It is convenient, easy to put trash in without having the trash fall back out, the bottom opens easily for emptying. Great design. Recommend it 100%.
I am so satisfied  I  may buy another Black one for my ScionxX.I have a grey one but che Color does not match this car. My black one is in my 2011 Buick EnclaveCXL.does a great job.
Great trash bag for the vehicle.  Easy to dump the trash out and very convenient keep your vehicle clean.  The plastic material allows you to wipe it down is necessary.  Great purchase!
I've been using this bag for a couple of weeks now and so far its working great!I like that the strap is adjustable so I could strap it to the back of the seat or hang it off of the gear shift. Its small enough that its not obtrusive no matter where you put it but large enough to hold several empty soda cans and an empty coffee cupt. I like the auto-closing opening so if it does go flying through the car somehow the trash stays inside. The only thing I didn't like was that while I'm driving sometimes its hard to get a larger item into the bag with only one hand. (Because of the elastic that keeps it closed) But perhaps I shouldn't be doing that while driving anyway...Emptying the bag is a breeze! Just undo the velcro and shake over a trash can, fold it back up and velcro again. The velcro is very solid and I don't forsee anything falling out of the bottom at all. I really like this bag and its a great alternative to my husband just throwing his trash on the floor in the back seat!
I love having something small, convenient, workable to keep trash off of the floor and seats of my van.  The bag holds a considerable lamount and was easy to empty.
Great solution for my car. It hasn't failed in any way. I've used it for over a year now and would certainly rather have it than not.
I have tried other bags..  This one is unobtrusive so it doesn't detract from the looks of my interior.  Because it has a cinch top rather than a flap, it is easy to drop things into it without being distracted.  This is my favorite feature...  the hole is big enough to put things in but small enough to keep them there.  The small piece of velcro keeps it affixed.  My former bag had a long piece and I didn't want to stick that to my nice car....  It empties easily.Really, this does the trick.  I resisted crapping up my car with a trash bag for so long... but realized I was crapping up my car with wrappers and other misc trash.  This is really good.
I have no space in car where to put any trash. This bag is a solution of this problem for me. It is very good and useful. I like it very much.
This trash bag is exactly what I need to keep small trash (straw paper and receipts) in check. I bought it for my SUV and the strap fits perfectly over my gear shift (it also comes with a stick on attachement like velcro but I chose to hang it). Easy to use and empty...I think it is wonderful!***UPDATE***6 months later and I just do not know how I managed with out this trash bag!  It is a breeze to empty and holds A LOT!  I am now getting one for hubby's car!
I don't even know if my Remote Starter works because I received the installation instructions for an Alarm System 5002 Pro and haven't been able to contact anyone in the Tech Support department to clear up the mix up.  I have been calling for 8 consecutive business days and the line is  always busy. I have emailed without success and faxed without success.  It  appears they take the money and run.  I guess I am on my own.  Maybe the  Better Business Borough would be interested in what I have to say if  Bulldog is not. Their web site is blatent false advertisement.  They state  that you will talk to a &quot;live person&quot; (a highly skilled tech) but  they neglect to mention you will be 10 years older by the time they get  back to you!  I believe this product is good but the company's customer  care ethics !  If you are looking to purchase a remote starter, try  someone who will assist you with installation!
This system was relatively simple to install, although it did take some time, about Three hours total. I all ready had an autostart system in my 1994 chevy silverado, so I just took that system out and replaced it with the Bulldog RS92. The range isn't great (Maybe 400 ft with an external antenna), but it does what it's supposed to do. As a cheap remote start system, it works great. One little tip: the manual suggests purchasing an additional relay for the parking lights, but this can be easily fixed by simply connecting the hot wire for the parking lights to the accessory power line. Reasonable remote start system, but if power lock control or security are desired, look for a different system.
The best of this RS92 is  easy to install,to me works fine.I been doing it for 3 years and I have no problem it all, the  good thing of RS92 is  all ralays external,never fails.If you are looking just for remote starter I  recomed the RS92.
I purchase this remote starter back in 2008.After few months sitting unde my bed i made my mind to install this stuff which i pay an fair price for.As far as performance i wouldn't lie to you,it's not the best choice out there....The remote doesn't have that frecuency range needed to compete with its closest competitor.Many times i go to crank up twice or more to get the engine started at close distance ( 4 feets ).I have no idea if the remote has issues,but after many times trying to figured out why i couldn't find any thing.At the bottom end of this review all i can say is steer away from cheapo remote starters
After installing the RS92 in a 1999 cavalier I found that it will not work unless you order part #721 to bypass the anti-theft system.  Bulldog does not make any reference to this, nor is there technical assistance any help  as they do not answer there phone and when you do leave a message they  don't return your calls.
I recently installed a Model RS92. The directions that came with this remote car starter are not only hard to follow, but if you follow a certain portion of the directions, as they are depicted, you will most likely  damage your vehicle's wiring. Most autos will require additional hardware  to properly install these remote starters, and the directions are very  poorly written. Forget trying to get in touch with them. The phone is  always busy and they don't reply to e-mail. My RS92 failed out of the box,  and I can't get anyone to repair/replace it. I have an Associates degree in  Electrical Technology, and I still had a hard time figuring these  directions out. Do yourself a favor find another manufacturer!
I also ordered the T-harness, which had no usable instructions, and clips which did not appear to plug into the other modules. The wires were not identified. The instructions for the parking light output were so incoherent as to be unusable. The manual is the worst I've ever seen. (I work as a maintenance technician in an automated facility). I have been calling the &quot;support&quot; # for 5 days. I have sent E-mail after E-mail requesting more info, No response at all. Now my dash is still unassembled with the unit halfway installed. One more day, and it goes back to them! I would strongly advise against this unit, at least for the 96 dodge cars.
I have installed 3 of these so far, and if you follow the instructions AND have a good knowledge of vehicle wiring systems AND can read a wiring diagram, they go in very nicely and work perfectly the first time.  These  are NOT for the casual installer!  I am a professional auto technician and  the first one I installed took me a total of 5 hours!  Very good product  and well worth the money.
I have installed 2 of these, one in my Windstar, and the other in my F150 Pickup. The F150 was my second one, and was relatively easy, about 3 hours. The Windstar was my first, and took a lot longer, I had a defective unit, the company replaced it no hassle. It can be tricky to put these in, there is very little room to maneuver under your steering column. Their website gives wiring information for many models. If you are not mechanically inclined, don't even try. I would hesitate to put these on a newer, still under warranty vehicle, only because a screwup might create warranty issues. I'm getting 2 more for my parents for Christmas. Bulldog sells wiring harnesses for many vehicles, I bought one for the first try, did not for the 2nd, after I saw how easy it was to make the splices by their directions. Good luck.
The product worked as advertised.  Granted, the installation was difficult but that's because of having to work in a cramped space and at awkward angles.  One job I'd never want to have is an automobile electronics installer!  But if you follow the directions step by step, and get the wiring chart for your vehicle from Bulldog's web site, the unit should work.  Mine worked the first time and I'm happy with it.  The programming is a little convoluted but without any external switches or interfaces, I guess button pushing sequences is all that's left.  I was skeptical about Bulldog's method for splicing wires (no soldering or crimp connectors) but it works and you don't have to cut and splice any wires.  They provide a little voltage tester that was a big help.  Its a probe with an alligator clip on one end and an LED at the other end and it was very helpful in finding the correct wires.  Just be patient and accept that working under a car dash is a real pain!
Well, that is what the box said, I bought mine a year ago, and the box is  where it resides.  I went to many different places and no one would install  it for me --
I purchased this remote starter in November of 2005 and began the endeavor of learning how to install a starter by myself.  I personally can not comment on the technical support staff, as I never found it necessary to contact them.I started by pulling up my wiring diagram (a 2004 Chevy Cavalier) and printing it out.  Later that night, starting at around 11:00pm, I began the installation process.  The instillation was a snap, the only difficulties I ran in to were the wires hiding WAY up on the body control module, which was an issue with the car, not the starter.  After only 2 hours, having never installed a remote starter in my life, along with a fuel system bypass module, I pressed the start button and just like that, first shot, the vehicle started.I have since installed the starter in two separate vehicles.  One vehicle belonging to a friend, and a second vehicle of mine.  The install in my second vehicle (a '97 Dodge Ram Sport full-size pickup) took around an hour and a half.  Again, once all wires were connected, first touch of the button and I heard the pipes singing.Of course, this starter does not have all the bells and whistles of other models out there, but for the price, you can't expect it to have all the other features.  Aside from the range (which is greatly increased by following instructions and keeping the antenna away from the frame, and also by mounting it to a third party antenna**), I would recommend it to anyone who wants a reliable remote vehicle starter.
I bought and purchased the remote starter at the bargain priced of $79.97 Canadian at our local Zellers Store in December 2002. The unit worked fine for the first two months but on February 21st of this year the unit short malfunctioned at my office and the unit constantly began cranking the starter motor. Unfortunately by the time our facility management and security personnel were able to find me and I was able to disconnect the battery the unit had fried my starter and it was to late.I called and e-mailed the company everyday for a week and nobody would respond. After one week of trying I finally did get a response by phone and they said to send it in and they would have a look at it. They advised that this type of failure had never happened in the past. When I found out that these failures have happened and due to the length of time it took for them to respond to such a serious problem, I wasn't left with much confidence that I would get anywhere with them so I decided that the retailer would have to intervene. I am trying to reach a settlement to obtain compensation for the $700.00 I am out of pocket. They are having the unit independently tested to determine if there is a defect in the unit that caused it to fail. I will keep you posted as to how I make out and as to whether it is determined that the unit was defective.Based on my experience I would stay clear of this product.
I checked Bulldog's website to obtain the right harness for my 1992 Chevy Beretta.  The chart showed a GM-3.  I ordered the GM-3 through Amazon and received the harness.  The car did not use a GM-3 harness.  The match-up chart on BullDog's website showed a GM-3 (I double checked).  The installation notes for a 1992 Chevy Beretta showed a GM-1.  So I purchased the wrong harness because of BullDog's incorrect information on their website.  I contacted customer support and they will not help me. Will not return calls and when I do reach someone, they consistently transfer me to the supervisor voice-mail who has never called me back.The actual RS102 unit didn't have a range better than 15 feet so I called support. After trying everything they recommended I was told to send-in the unit for repair.  No calls, no feedback, 4 weeks later I was sent a replacement unit that was the wrong model.  I called support just to be transferred to voice mail that has yet to be answered (1 week).  I am considering small claims court. USA made and guaranteed forever. That sold me. I feel bad with introducing this posting but others deserve awareness of my experience.
Had to purchase this as a replacement for unit installed several years ago. This time we only had to plug it in. Initial installation was a bear. Great product!
A friend came home with one of these recently.  In big letters on the label, it says "easy to install".  He couldn't make sense of it.  He asked me to look at it.  I have a year of college electronics study and I couldn't make sense of it either.The technical manual almost seems to be purposely written to be obtuse... there is no overview to give the would-be installer a clue of what is supposed to occur.  The CD that comes with it is equally nasty... a lot of tech talk that probably only an ASE would understand.  Additionally, part of the audio is clipped on it.The item installed properly may be of some value; I don't know.  We won't be installing it.  Too GD much trouble.  Happily he didn't lose money on it because someone else gave it to HIM. (Is a picture forming in your mind here?)They DO have tech support numbers written all over everything, along with a tech website.  I'm not touching either of them.  The product label, patently false, (It is not at all "easy to install") and the utterly horrible written and CD guides are sufficiently skanky that I know I want nothing to do with it or with anything else that has the label "Bulldog Security" or anything at all that has to do with its parent company  JBS Technologies.In my opinion, the operation should be prosecuted for false advertising, and not dealing in good faith:  this product can only be thought of as a gateway to further time and expense talking to company techs and having to listen to their almost certain sales pitches for further products.  In my opinion, the product as presented is not usable by greater than half the population.  It is probably closer to 99%, actually.AGAIN, I know I want nothing to do with it or with anything else that has the label "Bulldog Security" or anything at all that has to do with its parent company  JBS Technologies.
I HAVE A SECURITY BULLDOG KEYLESS SYSTEM ON MY  VEHICLE, AND I CAN SET IT EITHER TO TALK OR ALARM  AND ITS ALSO A VIBRATION DETECTOR .ITS A VERY  DOOD SYSTEM
I purchased two starters to install into a VW Cabrio and a Jeep Grand Cherokee, and returned both of them. Although this product looks like a great starter for the money, it is not something the average person will be  able to install. This seems to be particularly true for installing it into  newer vehicles. I have installed car stereos, speakers, cd players, etc  into cars before, but this product is a lot more complex to install. In  order to install in the Jeep, I would have to purchase 4 additional relays  and install them into the doors just to get the remote unlock to work.  There was also a variety of things that need to be done depending on the  type of factory alarm you have. You will need to use and understand a volt  meter, soldering gun and automotive electronics in general. Bulldog does  have an excellent tech support line that will provide you with wiring  diagrams and help if you run into trouble. The only complaint I have about  the tech support is that it is very hard to get through to them  since the  phone line is busy most of the time or you just receive a recorded message.  It took me several days and I had to leave several messages before I  finally got the wiring diagrams. This is not a do-it-yourselfer product  unless you have extensive experience working with automotive electronics.  If you buy one, I recommend getting it professionally installed.
It dosen't work properly, the buttons stop working after a certain time and it dosen't even do what I want it to do, sometimes, 1 out of 5, yeah, it works okay.
Here what I thought when I bought Bulldog's Remote Starter:-Oh Great it is easy to install and they offer tech support if I get a little mixed up.Oh boy I was wrong.Every time I saw an advertisement on this product, they made sure to suggest it is easy to install.Bulldog printed  big Bold words on their boxes  &quot;Easy to Install--Toll Free  tech  support...patient and professional personnel to help you install your  system right!&quot;Yeah right!I have been calling them for the last 4  days to get a diagram as they promised. They say they will fax to you...yes  they will if you can leave 1000 messages on their machine. I only left 500  messages so far, 500 more and I am ready for business.You got have a fax  to get a diagram.Don't be silly thinking you can talk to a human on the  phone. Such thought is not real.Try their web site  It is slow, poor design, poor taste, cheesy, no  help whatsoever--zero--zippo--nada--nothing helpful(so far) I don't even  know why they have a web site. Instead of spending time making a website,  they should get on the phone to help their customers.It sucks, they  promise diagrams on the web, they have a half dozen cars listed there, yet  they do not have any diagram available on the web.Unless you are good  with the sort of electronic gadgets, do not buy it thinking any child can  install it.Don't think it is a piece of cake as they advertise, and do  not waste your time dialing their number either.See the other comments,  almost everyone complaints is about the same issues.I call what they are  doing false advertisement.As far as the performance goes, assoon as  I have it installed, I will write about it.
This company sucks, there is no one to answer the phones anymore. I have a unit I installed 4 years ago and now I am having issues with the unit and cannot reach a real person for warrenty. The phone goes on for about 30 min then tells you the mailbox is full and to try your call again. Just another company that outsourced and ruined their customer service. Don't waste your time, pay a little more and buy an real unit from a real company and save the heartache.
I have already installed 1 and I ordered another.  The product works great, Excellent technical support, and it is the most economical one I have found.
I have installed this into my girlfriends van. It was the best thing that we could ever have spent so little money on. It was so easy to install, with just a little knowledge of electronics. All you do is call the 800  number on the package and the company faxes you a wiring diagram of your  car with complete color codes and tips and your on your way.
While the concept is a wonderful idea, unless the average consumer is an electronic wizard and can install themselves, finding anyone to install it is next to impossible.  Most auto repair facilities will not install it and  stereo installation facilities will charge an average of $60 per hour with  4-6 hours estimated.  Contact with the manufacturer was of no help.  Installation in manual shift cars is prohibited.  Installation in  automobiles with computer systems has caused many problems.  Additionally,  fires have been reported.  At the present time, I am waiting for Return  Autorization from Amazon for the two that were purchased.
I purchased this alarm and thought it would have the zone alert when you get too close to it. It did not have that feature. This alarm can be had for a great price.Then I bought a remote car starting alarm for my car and sold it to my friend. I installed the bulldog 2002 on my friends  car. He seems to like it, and now I have a second order for one. It's a  decent cheap alarm system. It is VERY easy to install. Run a ground wire to  it or mount it securely to the vehicles metal. Then connect the aligator  clip-on power wire, and you're all done! you need to remove a screw that  connects the alarm siren to the base, then drill/screw in the base, and put  the siren back on the base. very easy to install. I installed it in like 5  minutes, if that long. For the price, it's not bad at all.Daniel
Any car alarm that has the added bonus of offending a shrieking womynist like &quot;Rising Pheonix&quot; is aces in my book.  I'm definately buying it now- and once I hook it up I'm going to set it off at random and see how many brain anurisms I can give to Womens Studies minors that wander within earshot.
I recently installed this system on my 2000 Mitsubushi Eclipse and have been very impressed with its performance thus far.  This easy to install system is a must for anyone looking for some extra protection for their  car.  Criminals Beware !!!!
As a professional car stereo technician, I have also installed a ton of alarms.  I was a bit suspicious when I bought this alarm for a customer of mine who did not have much to spend.  I was absolutely delighted to see how  well this alaarm worked, and how simple it was to install.  It  &quot;learns&quot; your car very quickly!  NOTE TO BUYER, this product does  require some drilling and surface mounting that might be a challenge for  the novice user!
I recentely bought one of this, and I'm very satisfied with the product and it's amazing talking properties. It's very simple to install, you can  do it by yourself, and works well. I desagree to the opinion of the 'please  help me' lady. It only says this phrase if it's tempted, and you can adjust  the sensor, so it do not occour false alarm. And the voice is intercallated  by a siren, so you don't think it's really a woman crying. Her neighbor  must adjust better his alarm sensor. Mine is ok. The alarm can be activated  with or without voices. It's doing a lot of success in my town. THE BEST  VALUE!
Perhaps in this society of expensive cars, stereo systems and elaborate in-car cellular phones, &quot;Bulldog&quot; decided that when it comes to car theft protection, the ends justify the means. One of the options for  this car alarm system is a woman's voice crying out &quot;Please help  me.&quot;  In my neighborhood, when I hear a woman saying &quot;Please help  me&quot; it used to be a cause for alarm. People would leave their  apartments and look for the source.  A neighbor of mine recently bought  this system and set the alarm to the &quot;please help me&quot; option.  After about one week of hearing the voice crying for help every time a cat  jumped on the car, or a bus went too close, I stopped really hearing  it.To take this step in CAR protection is disgusting. If the  manufacturers did not think that this option would cause de-sensitization  to the cries of a woman in trouble, they must not have ever had to walk the  dark streets of the city, desperate to get home safely.  This car alarm  shows exactly where our priorities lie.  Any length to protect your car.  What's next?  Crying Babies? Gunshots? Don't buy this product.  If you do,  please, please don't use the &quot;please help me&quot; alarm.
I paid more to get the 2002 two remote model. But I gotthe single remote 2001 model.  Richard
I have owned other alarm systems in the past and NONE were as easy to install as this alarm! Easy to follow instructions make it a snap! Only one wire and ground the alarm and you have the best alarm on the market. Its hard to believe that this alarm is so cheap!  I had another type of alarm and it cost twice as much and did not do half as much as this alarm! I liked it so much I have now bought two others for family members!
NOTHING QUEER ABOUT THIS STEERING WHEEL. ITS LOOKS MATCH ITS PERFORMANCE. IT RESPONDS MAGNIFICENTLY TO YOUR EVERY MOVE. I PURCHASED IT TO WORK WITH  MY &quot;NEED FOR SPEED III&quot; CD. PERFECT MATCH. THE FIRST THING YOU  SHOULD DO THOUGH, IS CLEAR A GOOD SPOT ON THE FLOOR AND MAYBE GET JUST ONE  ADHESIVE, OF YOUR OWN. THE SMALL PADS ARE NOT GOOD ENOUGH, BUT ONCE YOU GET  IT DOWN, YOUR GOOD TO GO.
I bought this wheel for a gaming rig I am building for a friend and went solely from the recommendations made from this site, which leads me to believe that no one that posted a review has ever had any experience with any other wheel.First off, this wheel can only be configured as a 4-button, 2-axis joystick, which is easy enough to do but offers bad response times and terrible precision. Wheels that have specific drivers written for them have better control, hands down. My other complaint is that it uses the game port instead of a USB connection, which also slows down the response time of the wheel and other controls, but since this is a budget-priced product I can forgive that. Playing NFS: Porsche Unleashed with this wheel was frustrating to say the least, and after switching to a sidewinder game pad, I had better control by far. If you can drive better with a game pad instead of a wheel then there is something definately wrong with the wheel.The other problems with this wheel are the small wheel size, which may cause problems with large-handed people, and the placement of the two buttons on the wheel, which can be hit very easily by accident, possibly causing problems if either are configured for a hand-brake or to view another direction. Also, the VERY light and small pedal base needs to be braced or weighted down somehow or it will slide all over the place (may work all right on carpet, but on a chair mat or any other smooth flooring will cause a problem). My last complaint is the quality (or lack there of) and flimsiness of the levers on the left and right behind the wheel, typically used for gear shifting up and down. I thought I was going to break these the first time I tested the wheel. The cheap plastic won't last long at all under heavy usage and it won't make you happy to have to wait for a warranty repair (though as cheap as this wheel is you will probobly just get another one).If you want a quality wheel, you probobly won't be happy with this one. I suggest a USB port wheel, like the Thrustmaster Nascar Pro Digital, also available here, which is about as good as they come. Things to look for are a large heavy pedal base, a dual clamping wheel base (though the Saitek wheels' one clamp worked very well), and multiple configurable buttons on the wheel (two just doesn't cut it for most games and you will still be utilizing the keyboard), as well as a separate gearshift (unleass you prefere to always go automatic). I usually don't recommend a force-feedback wheel because all the ones I have tried become more annoying after a while and certainly don't immerse me into the game anymore than not using the force-feedback functions, but thats just me.I hope this more detailed review helps you out with your purchase and have fun!
I was scared when I first got it because I thought it was bad. It is just more sensitive than  thought.  Now that I have said this you are not so sure about it anymore.  love it it could not be much better.  I bought this because I like driving at the arcade and this is just about as good besides the othe extras at the arcade.  It is a lot of fun.  I have had it for about a month and I still play it almost every day. It is a good match with Need for speed: High Stakes
BOUGHT ALLOT OF THINGS THAT HUBBY NEEDED AND THIS WAS ONE. HE USES IT AND SAYS IT WORKS GREAT. FAST DELIVERY AND GOOD PRICES.
It's the worst ever I will never buy anything from this co again. It's not worth the .60 cents to send it back. It is a rip off.
Makita makes quality products and this is another.  Use a buffing/polishing pad spur-type cleaner instead of a screwdriver to clean the residual compound buildup for lasting use.
Makita makes excellent products in general. The bonnets I purchased are well made and can last for several body panels if washed and dried periodically.
Great results and worked as expected. This bonnet is for polishing only and did a great job. Still prefer the 3M with adapter.
As buffing pads go the quality of this pad is good. It is thick and does not wear as fast as lesser pads.
So happy to be able to order the Makita polishing pads on line.  Typically drive to and from the local tool supply store that seldom has them in stock and usually sold out just when I need them.  Gave up on the local shop and will now order online from Amazon when my pads run out...W/ boating season beginning it's a must!  Was given a 3 to 7 day delivery, had them in 2 days!  Boy were we happy!  Compounded & waxed boat w/ new pads and we're the first ones to be launched!  Thank you Amazon!
I purchased this for my father who is a big car buff and has this model buffer.  As it turns out, you get an awful finish from wool and should use foam instead.  Ah, live and learn.
This is a product long overdue in the air cleaner market.  I have two of the JDS 750 air cleaners in my little shop and they move a lot of air.  If I hadn't bought the electro-static pre- filter I would have spent a fortune on replacement filters by now.  Now that JDS packages it with their standard air cleaner, it is even a better deal!This isn't the cheapest pre-filter in the world, but it is a darn good investment for the long haul.
We keep our little dust collector on top of the fridge in the office and lunch room of the shop.  It runs 24/7 and collects a lot of ambient dust that would otherwise end up between the cooling plates of the computers or in our lungs.  Combined with a washable prefilter, which has to be vacuumed and cleaned every three or four weeks, we can get by with changing this filter about once a year. I have another in a second house that has a wood stove, and it is great for collecting soot.  I wouldn't want these for a wood shop no matter how small the shop - but for clean areas or small adjuncts to a shop they are great.
I have an older TotalShop air filter/recirculation system for pulling dust out of shop air. This filter is a little hard to find, but this one fits it well and is nearly identical to the original, which lasted ~10 years.
This is an OEM replacement for the dust bag and it fit perfectly. I had cleaned the old filter a couple of times, but it was time for a replacement and this did the job nicely.
Three pockets?  Four pockets?  I don't care.  Is it well-built and does it do the job?  Yes, on both points.
These are great & when combined with a washable pre-filter their use life is long.
Bought one of these for an older 750-ER.  Slipped right in and works like a champ!  Reasonably priced and a solid value.
Seems to work as good as the original filter by JDS company.It's a must, to keep your shop clean of those fine dust particlesthat can't be seen. It's very easy to install. I would recommendit to anyone with a woodworking shop.
fits does its job. but I do believe that this one will have to be replaced sooner than the original as it has less surface area than thefactory piece. but for the price that a none issue
The quality is 5 star and once again the unit really does a wonderful job in keeping the airborne dust down.  It's so much easier to change filters than ones lungs !
The product is not as described, instead of having four (4) bags as shown, it has three (3).That makes a big difference in air flow. The original filter had four (4) bags.
Slipped right in and works perfectly. It is the OEM replacement filter and looks just like the one that came with my unit.
This product is advertised as 4 pockets but has 3.  This makes no difference, however it's why 4 rather than 5 stars.  The item is marked 1 micron filter on each pocket though I saw no JDS marking.  The Delta filter it replaced had no Delta marking either so this may be typical.  The filter fits my Delta 50-860 perfectly.  It should fit the 50-859 also since they are the same size.  This filter appears to be better than the Delta filters but I have no way to measure this.  I'd buy this again from the same seller.
I have one set of these cables in all of my cars and have used them.  The length is enough to jump start the car, even if the other car is behind you.
I needed a set of jumper cables for my new car and these had good reviews and were at a good price.  They have been used a few times already and do what they are supposed to - no complaints there.What I will say is that 12 feet really isn't an ideal length.  Sure, if you pull up front bumper to front bumper they are plenty long, but a lot of times you will be beside another car or can't get really close.  Because of this, I would recommend something a little longer than 12'.Great brand - get 16' version though.
I bought these several months ago before the winter hit full force in Wisconsin.  Now that the winter is over I'm very happy I bought this and kept it in my car...had to use it several times on my own car and a friends car.  I bought an extra set for my girlfriend.  These are high quality.  The clips are very strong and the orange cord is very strong as well.  I highly recommend this product.  Heck, they're cheap enough and are a life saver - everyone should invest in a pair and keep it tucked away in their trunk...just in case!
These long cables work fine for my truck, but the quality seems a little on the shabby side. For the money I was not expecting 200 dollar snap-on jumper cables but these seem more like what you would see at a chinese knock off shop like harbor freight for 30 bucks.
The weakest link in any booster cable is the clamps.  If the connection from clamp to terminal is even slightly weak then the amperage is critically limited (even 1 ohm is too much at 12 volts).  I chose these because of their fairly heavy gauge to maintain amperage despite their length, but (and you can't tell from the listing) the clamps are not as impressive as I would like -- they are the sort where there is copper on only one side of the jaws and I would prefer both.  Most of us have had the experience of working clamps into corroded terminals to try to get just a bit more power.  I haven't used these cables yet but assume confidently they will work fine.  The cables are fairly flexible and appear sturdy and well-insulated.  Don't skimp on cables, you get what you pay for, and I think these are merely a fair deal in light of their much higher price.
This is just what i needed.I do not have to double park to assist someone with dead battery this is why i chose this product
These are decent cables for the price. We bought one for each car. I trust that they will work when I need them.
I haven't used them yet. All my cars are 6 months to a year old. I purchased these as back up. I just had a situation where I tried to jump a friend with a booster pack I have that did not work. We borrowed a set of cables and the car started right up. I inspected the cables and they seem to be as advertised.heavy duty, long and the clamps seem good. Hope I never use them.
I bought this cable set based on other customer reviews. These are as described. Heavy duty and long enough to do the job. I know they will work when I need them. I'm content with my choice,
These cables are made with aluminum wire which has been tarted-up with a copper coating.  The jaws are steel, also deceptively copper plated.  The insulation on the wire is some cheesy substance that I suspect will crack and fall off within a few years.  I would rate these three stars if they were sold as what they were, instead of pretending to a quality that they don't possess.  If you need a long set of jumper cables that will start your car, and you don't expect them to last too long, these will probably do the job for you.  If you expect quality components and a lifetime of service from the tools you buy, keep looking.
I drive a large diesel utility truck, not the easiest thing to maneuver close to another vehicle to give a boost, but with these cables I don't need to.  Heck, I can even park behind them and still reach.  That 25' length really comes in handy, and I've had a lot of guys ask where I got 'em.
My brothers car had been having some battery problems so I bought this to help him out. Normally my old jumper cables could get the job done but since when his car loses power it literally can't change gear I needed something that could get to his battery even when I parked front to back. the lack of head leads is awkward but anyone with enough forearm strength can bend it to the needed angle. all in all excellent cable!
I bought these cables for my grandson who is in the military, currently living on base, and he was so pleased.  Thanks to all the reviews, I had no idea which cables to buy and he said all his buddies couldn't get over not only the durability, but length of the cables as well.  He's happy so I'll rate these cables 5 star!
A necesity if you have a car.  I was able to help someone at the greocery store parrking.  One of these days it will be me needing to use them to jump the battery in my car.
Sure, you get what you pay for.After reading all the reviews on this product I noticed that several complaints were about the cables being copper covered aluminum (CCA) instead of just copper. Well, guess what folks, pure copper cables in this gauge and length are around $150! I ordered the 20 feet/4 ga. cables for just under $40. True, being a trained electrician I would prefer all copper but 4 ga is 4 ga. I don't have $150 to throw into my trunk for a product that if I'm lucky, I will only use once or twice.Yup, the "Polar Glow" is just a little sticker on each clamp that glows, not the clamp itself. So far I haven't needed to use these but they look great. The box they come in is fine for trunk storage (comes with a handle), no need to get a separate bag. They do seem to be heavy duty and I can't wait till I need them...lol
Although these are US made and have fairly good build quality, the cable itself is aluminum, not solid copper. The cable ends are copper-clad, which could be taken as an attempt to mislead the consumer.Skip these and get a set of all-copper cables from Rizk National (no affiliation).
The product is great. I needed something that was long enough to deal with situations that prevented parking close enough to another car to get a jump start.
Was unsure when I got these, these looked odd at the ends . Well it came time to use them and they worked perfect.
Used this product many times now over the cold 2014 winter.... ignore bad reviews... these cables are absolutely fine! Very long and worth the money to reach over long jump distances.... highly recommend! Cant measure longevity cause we bought them very recently... but so far so good!
fast ship. secure packaging. fit and finish is great. for the $$$, you cant beat these. 4 guage is the way to go. extra long cable length with great quality insulation. the glowing pos/neg cues work well, but are kind of a gimmic imho. if you cant tell the difference between pos and neg, you should probably call AAA. clamps are sturdy and solid with very strong springs and good bite on the pole.  great product. highly recommend...
Much heavier cables than most of those you find in retail outlets.  The wire guage is what is most important, and these cables are heavy enough.  I wish they had soldered connections at the clamps, but if you keep them clean and dry these will last forever. The clamps will attach to side terminal batteries.They also have a tag with insructions attached to the cables, but if you need to read them at all you should do so very carefully. Jumping a car battery is quite simple, but easy to screw up and I strongly suggest that if you carry cables you do so only once you are confident you know how to use them properly.
Quality Product, very heavy, and nice clips - could have used a little more conductive metal in around the contact ends, but that is being nitpicky.The box the cables arrived in would be a fine carrier in a pinch, it has a handle i might not trust after a couple of years but its ok for storing in a pinch.The spare canvas bag I had barely fit the 8 foot cables I had, so I knew I would need a new one. Picked up the offering fromArsenal 5888 Cable Organizerand could not be happier with the combo for the girlfriends car.The bag will not be fitting much more than these cables, but thats my goal - I want her to be able to stuff dirty cables into a bag without other stuff getting dirty.
Nice Heavy Duty cables, I personally do not like the clips on the ends for the screw post but I guess they are a necessity for their function, long and very durable. Great Buy.
Heavy duty jumper cables.  20 foot cables take up a bit more space, but sure is nice when you cannot get right next to the car that needs a jump. 4 gauge is great for this length.  This is good guality cable that stays flexible below freezing.I bought these for my young daughter who lives in the city.  People are amazed that she knows how to jump a car.  It is becoming a lost art and new vehicles can suffer damage from a jump.Anyway if you want serious cables for a fair price these will work for you.
THEY ARE OUTSTANDING WORK LIKE A CHAMP FOR THE HEAVE JUMPING I NEED TO DO , THE CABLES DON'T LOSE A LOT OF POWER WHEN JUMPING WOULD BUY THEM AGAIN I A HEART BEAT
I absolutley love Amazon!!!  For the price of a set of cheap Booster/Jumper Cables in a brick and morter store, you can buy extra long and heavy duty jumpers!  First off, don't be the person that not only needs to ask a kind passer-by for a "jump" but also if they have jumper cables.  It's MUCH easier to get a jump start if you have your own cables.Next lets talk about sizing.  Having the longest cable possible is a major plus if your car is parked up against something like a pole or wall, or even parked on a one way street.  The "booster car" (the car w/o a dead battery) can pull in close enough to use the cables without having to manuver into some akward position.  Or better yet, you won't have to push your vehicle into a position to be jumped.  If your diving a normal sized car they can even pull in behind you to jump you!  Or if their vehicle is the shorter of the two, they could pull in front.  Now how about gauge?  For those who aren't electricians or engineers, as the number value of gauge decreases, the size and capacity of the cable increases.  So for example 6-ga has about twice as much copper wire as 8-ga, and 4-ga is a about twice as much as 6-ga, so on and so on.  That doesn't mean you double the capacity of wire with every two numbers though.  4-gauge may sound like a lot but it really isn't.The technical stuff.  Don't worry if this doesn't make sense, you don't really need to know all of this, but I'm trying to make a point as to why to get the longest and heavist cables you can.  I'm not an electrican but I've worked with it long enough to know a few general rules of thumb.  First of the enemy of electricty is resistance.  Resistance ultimately determines the load a particular wire can carry.  Five things factor into resistance.  Temperature, conductor, voltage, load, and distance.  Temp we can't control, so we have to assume the worst (HOT)...or in other words need heavier cable.  Conductor should be copper, or at least a high purity mix of copper...good there.  Voltage...12VDC is a low voltage system...probably the biggest problem we face.  Since is a low voltage system we have to contend with voltage drop as it travels over the wire.  The higher the voltage, the longer it can run with acceptable levels of voltage drop over a particular gauge wire...so again since it's low voltage need heavier gauge wire.  Load (Amperage)...it's a car starter so it takes A LOT of power.  The voltage is a fixed number (more or less) so Amperage is determined by the size of the engine your trying to start.  And you'd be surprised how high that can be.  Even a small engine can be well over 300 Cranking Amps.  That said even a "dead" battery will put out some power.  As for distance...this cables selling point is also a draw back.  25' is LONG run for 12VDC.  So like I said in the last line 4-ga isn't as much as you think.  In fact, if you have an engine over 6-liters you should really consider 2-ga for this distance.  So summing up in layman's terms...considering the hot temperatures outside, the fact that it's 12VDC and we need a long cable, and that we're trying to start a car engine (which takes a LOT of power) these are the ONLY cables I could reccomend for anyone driving a small car up to a light truck.Lets talk about how to properly start a car with a drained battery.  Make sure the LAST connection make is the NEG clamp to the "dead" car on a frame ground (something metal and NOT MOVING or GOING TO MOVE in the engine compartment.)  Don't attach it directly to the battery's NEG post.  Next lightly rev the engine of the running vehicle for 3 to 5 minutes.  This will put a bit of a surface charge on the dead battery.  Then attempt to start the car.  As soon as it starts remove the cables (starting with the NEG on the car being jumped.)  If you ever have a dead battery for any reason...take it to an auto parts store as soon as possible and have it tested to make sure it still holds a proper charge.  Most places do it for free.  NEVER touch the clamps together once connected to a battery!!!  Doing so could damage you vehicles electrical system, and/or cause fire, burns, explosion of the battery, damages to your cables...A couple of final thoughts.  Protect your investment.  I bought a cable bag that works really well to keep them from getting tangled with everything in my trunk.  Also keep the twist ties that come with them which will keep them organized inside the cable bag.  And once used, take them home and clean and dry them before storing them once again.  The oils inside of engine compartments can be corrosive to rubber jackets and copper contacts.  These cables are more than worth they weight in gold!  They are inexpensive and top notch quality!
Good heavy-duty cable. Reaches from under the hood to the back of my Nissan Frontier pickup. I tested with a winch on a hitch plate and everything worked well. I'd buy again.
I like these cables much better than my old ones.  The old ones had the two clamps joined too close together without enough slack to reach from the battery to a proper grounding spot on some cars.  These have plenty of reach and the construction seems quite durable.
To be honest, we haven't need them yet, all we can say is that the product seems surdy and well constructed. The only flaw that we saw is that they don't come with a case for easy carry arround.
Exactly what I was looking for.  Long cables that stay bendable and don't become stiff.
Extremely long length and quality cable with ends is what was needed. These will be used for numerous jump-starts between  autos and marine use. Got the recommended case with the cables which made the perfect gift.
I purchased the 12' feet long cable set and they arrived in a retail cardboard box with handle, which could be used as a storage and carrying case for these cables, although I will not need to store them with the carry box.  These are high quality long cables of high grade materials and I believe worth the price I paid for them.  They will store in the back seat storage compartment of my truck easily.  Recomend.
I purchased 5 different 4 gauge cable sets from Amazon and Ebay.  These seemed to be the lowest quality clamps and were the most expensive ($25-45).  The Cable wires were very supple though and thats a plus.
Cables seem ok so far. good price, free shipping. Have not used them, no dead batteries yet.
My wife bought a new car and I created an emergency car kit for her, including this cable. I ordered the 4 gauge 20 feet version. The cable looks and feels very durable. Its very heavy and easy to unravel, so I kept it in its original box and threw it in the trunk.
Coleman Cable 08662 25-Feet Heavy-Duty Booster Cables, 4-Gauge.  I bought the "best" January 2013 and just stored them in the trunk for some future emergency.  Had a totally dead battery in Hyundai 6 months later (dome light left on), and pulled up 2nd car (Expedition).  Once hooked up, all power was restored to Hyundai dashboard lights, horn, windows, etc.  But on turning the key to start, all voltage disappeared and starter didn't even click.  Worked half an hour getting a firmer clamp on top post terminals, letting the Expedition run at 1500 RPM to charge up the Hyundai battery a little... all with no success.  There was so much resistance in the Coleman cables that once real amperage attempted to flow, there was a complete voltage drop across the cables.  A friend loaned me a ratty old pair of cheap cables that started the car instantaneously.  Were the Colemans really 4 gauge?  Or perhaps manufacturing defect where cable welded to clamp.  They were completely useless.  Tried to return but Amazon web site said they had to be returned in 30 days... but, hurray for Amazon.com, when I explained the problem by e-mail that upon first use, they failed, Amazon approved the return 6 months after purchase.  Its not obvious how to test jumper cables when first purchased and you don't have a dead battery to try out the cables.  I will buy a different brand from Amazon.com. And when they arrive, I think I'll unhook a battery cable from the battery and test the cables jumped to the open cable when I receive them, rather than "assuming" they're good and just putting them in the trunk. Thanks again Amazon.com
Basic cables that have good clamping mechanism design.  The clamps are hinged by a screw that does not come off so it bites on to the posts and does not unhinge.
Finally cables long enough to go from the car end-to-end.  Sometimes you cannot get that close and these are top quality cables - super nice & heavy duty.
These cables are nice and flexable, stores easily and clamps very well. The length is prefect and they are heavy duty without being bulky. While I've only had touse them once, for another stranded person, I was glad to have them!
When it comes to preventive emergency, always buy the best.  With each new car I make sure I have a quality Booster Cable in the trunk.
Only had to use them once, but it was well worth the cost of having them. I keep them in the back of my SUV coiled inside the original box -- that way they are kept neat and ready for use.
Used them twice last winter to help some people at the park and ride.They did not even say thanks :( Love NJ !But the cables did the job. Make sure to get a storage bag for them though.Otherwise they become a mess.
Decided to purchase this product as it is American made. Excellent quality. Very durable product. Length/gauge combination suitable for almost any vehicle application. Clamp springs are strong. Jaws are copper with relatively hard temper. Pleased with this purchase. (30 year aviation maintenance engineer and automotive mechanic)I recommend this product.
- Personally, I think price is a bit high.- Cable quality is great. The "power glow" clamps did not impressed me though. In fact, sometimes I feel they are not that securely 'bite' on the battery.- 20 foot and 4 gauge is a must for a safe and serious jump-start, do not save money by cutting these.
We went to Cedar point last weekend and going back, my friend's car battery died. I immediately pulled up next to his car side to side and was able to jump start his car using this 12 feet cable. I now was able to verify it works.I will update when I have a problem or if it fails.
These big wire cables are the best ones i've seen around. They are good for jumping that big truck battery or small car battery. They work very good and are some what compact. I would tell all to buy them. They are the best value around.
Purchased the product in Nov 2012 and used it for the first time yesterday Nov 29, 2013.  Yes 2013.  It does not work.  Stuck yet again.
FIrst class.  These are a must for all cars.  Spend a little more than  the cheap jumper cables at Walmart.
These cables are heavy duty plus long enough to work with to jump old case tractors and old 3 ton trucks which is why I purchased them. No more dragging equipment around in order to get to the offending batteries.
I just used the cables this morning and they were great!  I knew the car was dead last night but didn't have time to deal with it then. So this morning, when it was 6 degrees out, I tackled it.  I pulled the cables out of the trunk expecting to find them stiff, but they were just about as flexible as if I had stored them inside!  I hooked them up and 'snap' the car started.  I had been using a "good" set from Sears.  They were either 6 or 4 guage and were supposed to "remain flexible to 'x' below".  They usually worked but were always VERY stiff and difficult to use.These cables are both heavy duty AND flexible. GREAT product.
These cables will do the job.  I wish the construction was a little better near the actual clamps, however they work great and are extremly heavy duty.  I would recommend.  Always remember to read the instructions.
bought these for my k2500 suburban plenty of length front to rear. i ended up using them right out of the box as i for a dead battery in my truck. they worked great. several people have complained about the clamps. they worked well for me and i had no issues with poor connections. cables are well made.
Regardless of what review I would have written, I didn't like the fact that the box was labeled with the brand &#34;Road Power&#34;, but I was looking for the brand &#34;Coleman Cable.&#34; I had a mini-anxiety attack because I thought I got the wrong product in the mail.Of course, I will have to take this thing out of its box and wait for an emergency in order to give it a full review.
This pair of jumper cables works  just as advertised. The length has been a blessing, allowing me to be farther away for the disabled vehicle than in times past. Would recommend to anyone with a vehicle, one never knows when they'll come in handy!
I need a long booster cable since in case i ended up my car needed to be jumped (and it's 2 times already in like this year),  i need a long jumper cable that can reach far enough regardless of the position of my car.  The 2 times my car run out battery, the car is not in a good position where another vehicle can just park side by side..
So the wire gauge and am-page rating thing confused the hell out of me. I went to my battery manufacturer's website and coleman cable's website to look up the information. After much research, my understanding is that the higher the am-page rating, the better chance you will start your car in cold weather, usually a new car battery has 350-400A Cold Crank Ampage (CCA). Since these cables are made of Copper Clad Aluminum (also abbreviated as CCA coincidentally), their ampacity are only equivalent to 1 gauge lower diameter pure copper wire ( search 'Ampacity of Copper & Aluminum Wire, it's published in the NEC code). What's more with longer cable the resistance also goes up so you will loss some ampacity along the way. My experience with Coleman's 8 Guage 12' cable is that unless I attach to the dead battery's negative post, it won't deliver enough juice to start the car by connecting to the engine block ground point to my Honda Civic (mid size car use 400A CCA battery), so my assumption is anything has current rating less than 200A can't be used without acting against the label warning by connecting to the dead battery's negative post. So take what's available here and consider your need.Coleman's CCA booster cable product spec.Cable Gauge Cable length Current rating6 Guage  12 ft  300A6 Guage  16 ft  250A4 Guage  12 ft  400A4 Guage  16 ft  350A4 Guage  20 ft  300A4 Guage  25 ft  250A
unless you have AAA, make sure you pick a pair of these up.  they do not  tangle, which is nice and easy to clamp on.  Well worth it, especially if  you have kids...you cannot afford to be stranded.
Thankfully, I have not had an occasion to use these cables but it's nice to know that they're neatly packed away in my trunk should I need them. They're well made and come in a nice compact case. Just nice to know they're there.
I haven't had the need to use it, thank goodness, but the products looks sturdy and well made. I do like the length and it sure comes in handy if you can't get the second car as close as possible to jump the dead battery.
these are good enough to get most motorized vehicles up and running, for semi and farm equipment, get solid copper.
The Coleman Cable 08665 12-Feet Heavy-Duty Truck and Auto Battery Booster are great, heavy and fit perfectly into the Arsenal 5888 Cable organizer.  Hopefully i don't ever need to use them but better to be prepared than sorry.
Good product for the price!!! Not the best quality, but not the worst either. Well worth the $$$$$$$$$. Good buy, for sure.
When my car battery died, we got a jump-start from someone with a big truck. He looked at our &#34;light duty&#34; booster cables and laughed, saying that we should get heavy-duty cables in case someone with a big truck jumped us--light duty cables are not meant for bigger vehicles. Luckily, the truck guy had his own cable to use to jump-start our car. We bought these so that we'd have them, and they do what they're supposed to do. I always keep them in my trunk now.
These are pricey but they are very well made.The cables arrived when expected, were well packaged for shipping, matched the picture, and were of very high quality. Not much else to say - good but expensive jumper cables.5 stars for quality minus one for price
I have an old car, Its bound to need these sometime. I got a set after I gave my old ones to my boss whose truck was acting up. These are long (20') and heavy duty feeling. Usually I'm giving someone else a jump. If I ever have a bad experience with these I will come back and update the review.
The cables are made in the USA, which is great, but they are not copper cables.  They are the much cheaper "copper clad aluminum" cables that are of much lower quality.  The product description states, "Extra Heavy-Duty" and "the strongest consumer grade available", which CCA is not.  I need the jumper cables for emergency use only so they hopefully won't be used much.  If you need to unroll and roll up the cables often look for copper cable, not this product.  This kind of information should have been in the product description, but then if it was, I wouldn't have made this purchase.
I bought these 25 ft jumpers for the upcoming trip in my RV .Sure enough,in North Carolina my house batteries went dead in my coach lucky for me my 25 ft cables jumped started my coach from my toad vehicle without unhitching it from the coach. Big, time saver!  Nice item made in USA too! Most important 4-gauge is best I didnt have to start jumping vehicle to start coach.
They're a big gauge that's long and made in America.  A perfect set.  I've used them several times to jump off cars, trucks, even forklifts.  A coworker was trying to jump off a car with his cheap, thin Chinese set and it wouldn't work.  I hooked mine up and the car started right up.  This is one of those items that even though you hope you don't have to use you, you should spend the extra money and buy a good quality.
Long enough to reach from one to another car to another! Love em..........bought about 6 pair in the last year to give as gifts!
I purchased these cables based solely on internet research. Coleman seems to be a well respected company. After inspecting the 08660 twenty foot long four gauge cables, I am satisfied with my purchase. The materials appear to be of good quality, and the clamp design is intuitive. There is a top of page review dated September 14th 2006 by Privacy Advocate titled "Slight disappointment" in which he describes his concern about the clamps having only one side of the jaw plated with copper. This actually is an intelligent design. The copper cable is connected to only one jaw (the jaw that is copper plated for increased conductivity). Copper plating the non-connected jaw would be counter productive. I recommend purchasing a minimum length of twenty feet, a minimum of four gauge cable, and clamps rated a minimum of 500 amps. The length is recommended because you may not always be able to place a boost vehicle nose to nose or side by side. The gauge and amps are particularly important if you live in a cold climate. Check the vehicle OEM battery specifications regarding cold cranking amps (CCA) for a clear understanding of why gauge and amps are important.
My husband bought these to keep in my car in case my battery ran down while I was out of town.  I feel secure now having them in my car.  He says they are good quality.
I didn't own any jumper cables and had not needed any for many years. But I do need to keep several batteries charged up when not in use and with the cables can maintain 2 sets of RV batteries at one time. Not wanting to lose much amperage while charging I decided on a 4 gauge set. A good value for the money.
They're pretty much as advertised.  Good quality cables with enough length to jump with cars parked one behind the other when necessary.  I shopped around probably entirely too much before this purchase and am pleased with my selection.
I used standard length booster cables for years, then found and bought these 25 ft cables and now look for situations to use them.  I don't worry where or how my car is parked. Recently I had to park behind someone at the grocery store to jump their battery when there were no other parking spaces. Worth every penny!
These are heavy-duty enough that I was able to use it to jumpstart my Jetski (Sea-Doo RXP) which could not be started with the only cable available at the local AutoZone.  The handles are not a solid conductor, and the teeth have a pretty sharp point on it, so it was a little difficult getting onto the smaller battery, but overall, it worked well.
This cable was of poor quality in both material and design.  It would have melted if I had used it to jump start my Diesel Mercedes. I donated to a worthy cause rather than go thru the expense of returning it.
I received the subject Battery Booster Cables and almost immediately had a need to use them.  My son needed to have his car started, and these heavy duty booster cables were easily able to accomplish the task.  They are easy to use, and the extra length (20 feet) is nice when you don't have the ability to pull the vehicle close together to make the connections.  Definitely worth the investment.
Get the 25 foot 4-Gauge jumper cables.  They are made very well and could be the last set of jumper cables I own.  It's a great investment.  I bought a pair for each car. If you have to use them, parking will not be an issue with 25 feet.
Normally you don't need jumper cables, but when you do you need a good set that are long.  These are heavy duty, long and very durable.  I bought these to go in my pickup truck.
Excellant product. I would be happy to recommend this product and company to anyone. I am a very satisfied customer.
These seem small for 4 guage, unless they are counting the cheap insulation wrapped around the copper colored, aluminum wire. These are cheaply constructed. Returned 1 minute after opening box. I'll agree that these are probably o.k. for the occasional user.P.S. I ordered a couple of sets of Bayco booster cables. They may be expensive, but they should last the rest of my lifetime.
Not an every day use, but I needed some good cables for the random emergency that could happen.  These arrived and are nice thick cables, not those junk ones, but the price was a lot lower than what I've found elsewhere.
Needed a longer set of booster cables and preferred this one as it is a heavier gauge. Have not used it yet.
These cables are amazing.  20 feet long.  The cables are well built and very strong. This is a must-have for anyone.
It arrived quickly, looks sturdy and doesn't take too much room in the trunk, but I haven't needed it yet, so only 4 stars.
I've bought at least two booster cables in my lifetime and this is one that is long enough for most situations for my old car.
I was very pleased to see what arrived when I open the box for these cables.  They were very high quality. We didn't have booster cables for the SUV so I was looking for something to put in the back. Again Amazon had exactly what I was looking for and a selection of products to choose from. The Coleman Cable 8660 heavy duty booster cables are a great buy and I would recommend these to anyone.
These battery booster cables are everything they advertise and more.  I was very impressed with the build quality and craftsmanship.  I would definitely reccomend these for anyone with a pickup truck.  I drive a diesel pickup and have used these twice now to jump start other peoples vehicles.  It's kind of funny I never was asked or needed to jump start anyone's vehicle till after I bought these......oh well I enjoy helping people out!
Have not had to use these cables yet but they feel solidly built and seem like a good purchase overall.
Purchased for rainy day, have not used them yet. These cables appear to be of good quality, and most important they seem to have a decent bite.Purchased with & fits perfectly into the  ##  Arsenal 5888 Cable Organizer  ##  http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Dautomotive&field-keywords;=Arsenal%205888%20Cable%20Organizer
This is a great product, came in handy the first week we received it, with a dead battery, very sturdy.
I have not had the need to use these cables yet but they are well built and of obvious quality.  It appears that they will last many years and may be the last set of cables I will need.  Recommend these cables and not the smaller cheap ones.  I once had a cheap set of cables that got damaged while trying to jump start a van.  Get these cables.
WE BOUGHT A GENERATOR AND NEED A LONG BOOSTER CABLE. THIS IS VERY STRONG AND DOES THE JOB WELL. WE ARE VERY PLEASED.
These are heavy gauge cables made with alluminum wire that has a very thin coating of copper (enough for looks); still their amperage rating is equivalent to 4 gauge copper wires. The clips are decent and will work on most if not all battery set-ups you come across; they grab tightly but are not too hard for the average person to squeeze open.The wire is crimped to the jaws and but the instalated part of the wire is not also crimped. There is a place on the jaws to crimped the insulated portion (which would then act as a stress relief) but it is not used. You can crimp it with a pair of pliers when you get the cables -- just tight enough to grab the cable is all you need -- this will prevent the cables form breaking away where the aluminum is crimpt to the metal.Jaw markings-- there are three types of markings boasted by the maker: First is Color -- Indeed one can easily identify one side of the paired cable form the other by the color of the jaws.Second - Indent stamping -- the polarity is stamped into the metal jaws -- The imprint is not disticnt and not very easy to read in good light. At night, it would be useless and one couldn't read the impression by feel. So these are practically useless.Third -- Phosphorescent labeling -- phosphorescence stores up energy for a short while after strong light exposure and slowly sheds the energy as dim light. So, if you put the cables in the sun for a while, the labels will glow for few minutes. This would help you if you need to jump your battery at night only if you have some sunlight to hold the cables under for a while. Most people will keep the cables in their trunk anyway, where it is genrally dark, so the cables won't have been recently exposed to a lot of sunlight. I suppose one could hold them in front of the car headlights for a few minutes and then moved away from the headlights and quickly read the labels, that would work. But then, why not just read the color of the clips while holding them in front of the headlights? The phosfluoresecnt labels are just a silly useless sales come-on.They are not, but even if the labels were made with tritium capsules -tritium is a radiant ionic form of Hydrogen (used sometimes on wristwatches -- the tritium is spent after a few years. The notion of glowing labels on booster cables borders on idiotic.If you have trouble remembering which color to use for positive or negative, just remember that it doesn't matter! What matters is that the same color going to positive on one battery goes to positive on the other. You could use black for positive if you want or red.You always double the consistency of polarity before attaching the fourth clip. Even if they glow in the dark, have marquee lights blinking messages or they sing "I'm positvely in love with you".These cables are for consumer (i.e., ocassional) use. For daily, professional use, you'll want real copper cables because copper doesn't corrode or fatigue as easily as aluminum. That's not an issue for cables receiving ocassional use. With ocassional use these will serve most motorists for a lifetime and serve well for the money even overlooking the silliness about the clip labels.
Have not used them yet but they arrived as described. Seem to be heavy duty. They feel good. Only time will tell.
I've looked for a longer set of booster cables for emergency use for our RV that was not too expensive. This one seems to fit nicely. Have not used it yet - but it looks like it will do the job just fine.
So glad I bought these before I had a problem. Since I've bought them I've used them about 8 times usually on my wife's beach-beater (the starter was going bad -- the battery was old too), and they work great. The clamps are effective and the cables are sure. They're not too thick that it's cumbersome, but it's thick enough for the current to flow through well. Very pleased with these.
Disclaimer: I have not yet had to use these cables. I am reviewing solely on inspecting them. With any luck, these will stay in the box behind the seat in my truck and I will never need to use them.A good set of jumper cables is a must in any vehicle, especially if you live in the frozen North (Cleveland here). Sure, you can buy some cheap 12 gauge or whatever at your local big box store. But I have personally been in situations where the cheap-o cables simply could not carry enough current to jump my vehicle. The cables were too thin to charge the battery in a reasonable amount of time, and could not carry enough juice to turn the starter.ALWAYS buy 2 or 4 gauge. ALWAYS buy long cables. I don't care what anyone says. Cars are low voltage but high amperage. A starter cranking needs a TON of juice. Those dainty little WM cables will not cut it. Enter these cables.At 4 gauge, these could probably jump a semi. At 20 feet, you can easily link two cars together even if one is in a difficult spot. When life happens, you do NOT want to be stuck somewhere with cables that aren't adequate.These cables fit the bill. The handles also appear to be fairly durable, which is important. I have had cheaper cables have the insulation on the handles flake off. Makes for a painful jump.Overall I am impressed with the workmanship and specifications for the price. Hopefully I will never need them: but if I do, and they do not live up to my expectations, I will update this review.
Good quality, hope I only use them to help out other stranded motorists but at least I will have a good LONG set in the trunk.
Nice set of cables, however, looked a little thin for 4 gauge.I guess they don't make em' like they used to.
Bought these to keep in the car for emergencies. I've only needed to use them once and they didn't let me down. They seem well made and do their job appropriately.
Bought this cable after the reviews on Amazon. It is a good sized cable with a sturdy build quality. Strong clips, good quality insulation. It has come in handy for me on various occasions when I forgot the lights on my car. So I guess worth the money. The length is pretty decent and therefore it eats more space in the trunk.
Love it I have already used it and it works like a charm thank you so much ! Thank You Thank You
Wire insulator is thick, and clamps are of good construction.  These are as good as any $40-50 set of cables you'll buy at an auto parts store.
I was surprised by the good quality of these cables and their light weight. Then saw they were Made in the USA.
These are solid, heavy, well built cables. I noticed I was able to charge my battery quicker with these. I use the battery in my running car to charge a deep cycle battery while camping and these seemed to transfer more energy, or maybe it is just the strong connections....either way they work. I might try going down one more gauge to see how well they work. But no complaints.
These cables showed up in good condition and in their original box and they do seem well made just the cables themselves are no where near as heavy duty as I was lead to believe.  They will remain in my truck and I am sure they will do what they are intenteded to do but really wouldn't consider them mechanic grade.
Great product.  My van has needed jumping at times and this does very well.  I even like the little tag that reminds me how to use the cables.
I seem to use jumper cables at least several time every year; usually on someone else's car. I've &#34;rescued&#34; a few strangers in parking lots because I keep cables in my cars. The 20' length is a safety feature; you shouldn't have to lay these cables across an engine bay to reach a battery. Aluminum wire? Well, these are consumer grade. They'll get the job done at reasonable cost.
Super heavy duty, may be overkill to boost a car, but better overkill than having wimpy cables.  I really like the clamps, they seem to be very well built with copper surfaces.
Well worth the purchase price, I will probably never have to replace these as long as I store them properly and don't run over the grips or something stupid like that. the length is great, the materials and build are very sturdy.
All other jumper cables are not real jumper cables.  THESE are jumper cables.  Let me explain.When you're in a bind on some dark night in some parking lot somewhere and your battery is dead, you need to get out of there pronto.In times like that, it's much easier to get a jump if YOU own a set of jumper cables.  It's double good if those jumper cables are long so that they can easily reach the battery of a good samaritan.  Now, according to electrical theory in order for DC current to flow across long distances, you need thicker cable.That's where these cables come in, they're long at 25' and thick at 2gauge.That's what these cables provide, maximum length at near maximum gauge cable.  And yes, your jumper cables SHOULD cost close to as much as your spare tire because that's what you need --- just look up the cost of copper on the market (that stuff is expensive).Yes, you can buy a $17 set of 10 foot, 18 gauge cables out there but if they can't reach between cars or if they can't carry enough power to start your car, you might as well have been lugging a brick in your trunk all those years and you might as well have enjoyed a good lunch with the $17 for all the false confidence it gave you.  I'm serious, buy an extension cord for $5 and you get as much jumping potential as many of the so called 'jumper' cables on the market --- there should be laws against marketing products that cannot jump start a car.  Worse, having no cables or less-than-worthless cables means that a criminal might reach you before you can get a jump and make your getaway.At the end of the day, you want a 25' or 20' cable, so you better be looking at 2gauge or 4 gauge cable - no compromises there.  You can go to 6gauge if you're working your way down to 16' cables.  But, the reality is that you always need a few extra feet when trying to jump start someone's car parked in some tight parking space --- so you're back to the 25' and 2 gauge.Pros- I know I can jump start a Semi with these (more importantly, I can get a jump from a Semi - Truck drivers are the good guys btw)- Extra long at 25'- Parrot clamp are strong, but an average guy can open them with one hand- Copper inserts in the parrot clamps is nice- Clamps are rated at 500amps- they're friggin heavy at near 14lbs, yes that's a pro!  that means there's 14 POUNDS of Copper in there and that's what allows the current to flow as freely as the Amazon river (no pun intended). It's huge.Cons- I do have an issue that the copper cable is not attached to the copper inserts in the clamps, it screws into the metal clamp rather than into the copper insert.  I don't know if that's a mistake or not.  I'm thinking about doing a bit of retrofitting.  I'm sure it's more than enough the way it is.Overall, these are as close an approximation to the kind of jumper cables that my dad had when I was growing up.  He custom made his -- he's old school.Anyway, if you're going to carry jumper cables, and you should --- don't muck around -- spend the dough, get these --- they'll last a lifetime and will not let you down.Advice, after you get a jump don't waste time rolling these things up in some dark parking lot -- just toss the heavy mangled mess into your trunk and get home.  There's always time the next day to roll these monsters back up and get them ready for the next wild adventure you might have.
I think you could start a tank with these cables. The extra long length eliminates having to snug up the cars and the clamps are super beefy. Cheaper cables don't always deliver enough amperage to start larger batteries. This one does it and does it well.I bought them after struggling one day to jump my car. The car that was assisting me had plenty enough juice - it was the cables that were not delivering. Then a guy came over with a set of these and it started instantly. I ordered a pair as soon as I got home. Love 'em!
This will be the last ones you will need.  My last set lasted all most 25 years.  Due to corrosion build up where the clamps and the cable come together causes a problem while charging a battery.  The way the old ones were built, spring clamp and rivets, I am not able to take the clamps off for cleaning.  These new ones are built to disassemble without a problem.  I like 'em
Product came sooner than expected. First Class item. Will last a lifetime  if kids do not loose it!  WOULD RECOMMEND  these cables to anyone wanting a first class jumpers!!
Ok, You can stop looking for Booster Cables because these are the ones you want. The Clamp style works great, the Cable length  makes it so much easier to work with, also the Cable itself is flexible and easy to coil. Comes in it's own storage box WITH Instructions on how to jump start a vehicle printed on the OUTSIDE of the box ( Smart !! ). Oh Yeah, Did I mention,  It's made the USA !!
Very high quality cables, exceeded my expectations. Clamps are very rigid, and don't slip off the side terminals like the cheap ones.
Excellent quality cables and clamps, love the long length.  Perfect for diesel trucks that require a lot of battery power to turn over.
These are the heaviest duty booster cables I have ever bought. I have not had any problems with separation of the clamps. I guess it is true. You get what you pay for!
I ordered these, not to jumper my battery, but to power a 12-volt winch, which can draw a lot of power. I think they are just the ticket!
Pretty good quality over all, and heavy duty.  Other reviewers said it all, so I won't say it all again.  I am happy with them.
Good quality cable and well made.  Will be able to use to jump start a vehicle easily!
So these aren't the best cables you can buy.  For that you'll have to go to an electrical or welding supply company and you will PAY!  Probably between 3 and 5 times what these cost!  So unless you plan to start a towing service and need cables that will see daily use, I'd say these are gonna work for you.(Update: After compairing them to the 4ga cables I bought a month or so back for my car, they don't really seem that much thicker...  That's said they are MUCH heavier!  The individual stranding is of a thicker gauge than the other model so I'm guessing that's why the thickness isn't much more...)What I like:--Length - I bought these for a half-ton pickup.  Why?  Because it never fails that your battery will fail to start your engine when your parked in a packed lot with cars on all sides.  Rather than pushing a 3 ton vehicle out you pull the booster vehicle in as close as you can and let the length work for you.--Heft - these cables are no joke.  It's a workhorse grade cable that lets plenty of energy flow.  When trying to start a 5.7L V8, that's kinda important.--Solid Clamps - Unlike some of the other reviews, I don't have a problem opening my parrot clamps with one hand.  But their hardly weak, they'll clamp solid and stay put!(Update: If you really need 2ga booster cables and your skeptical of these, Deka makes a set of 2ga cables for around $150.  I have no personal experence with them but I have a little with the Deka name and they seem pretty good.)What I don't like:--Stiffness - They're not as flexible as I was hoping.  But about as flexible as I expected.  True welding cable in 2ga is about $3 per foot and per cable.  That's why the best jumper cables cost $200+.  Still I was hoping for a little thinner stranding to promote flexibilty.--Cable to Clamp - Like other reviews have mentioned the cable doesn't go all the way to a copper contact connected to the jaws.  Instead.  It's screwed to the body of the clamp then the copper jaws are also screwed to the body.  Still fine I'm sure.So why buy these cables aren't they overkill?  I've had this argument with people before: "My 6ga cheapies start my truck fine."  Well I will attempt to addess this.  As the number in terms of gauge decreases the ammount of conductor increases.  In other words 2ga has more (perhaps 50-100% more) conductor than 4ga.  This doesn't automatically equate to twice as much power but it does certainly allow more power to flow safely.  For those that aren't aware (and I'm not an electrical engineer here), resistance is the enemy of all electrical circuts.  Resistance translates to heat in the same way that friction does when two physical surfaces rub together.  Five basic factors contribute to resistance in a give curcuit and determine the appropriate line size.  Ambient temperature, conductor, line distance, voltage, and amperage.  Ambient temp we have no control over.  Hot is bad so just assume the worst.  This means bigger cable to overcome the additon resistance heat is producing.  Conductor of these is copper so that's good.  You want pure or at least a high purity mix of copper in this type of conductor.  Distance and voltage.  One of these cable's strengths also happens to be a weakness.  Total run length for this circut is 50'.  Pretty long for a low voltage system like 12VDC.  The higher the voltage, the longer it can run on a given gauge wire without encountering too much voltage drop.  12VDC drops voltage on a circuit in a realatively short distance.  So heaiver gauge lines are needed to prevent this.  Amperage is also a big consideration.  The more amps a load pulls the more resistance the circut will generate.  Basically on a small wire, a large load will generate a lot of heat and one of two things will happen. 1) the wire will melt and/or catch on fire.  2) The load your trying to power won't work.  And make no mistake, starting even a small engine takes a LOT of energy!  So bringing it all together.  Large load, low voltage (that we don't want to make in lower), and a long distance run means that you wan the heaviest cables you can find.  Addressing the orignal question and statment.  6' 6ga cables might start your small-block fine.  But if you want or need the extra length, you need to consider heavy gauge cables.  That said I've personally seen light duty cables melt and smoke from starting an engine too big for them.Are these right for you?  So these will run you close to $100 shipped...do you actaully need them?  I own both these and the Coleman 4ga 25' booster cables.  Having no offical training and with no real sizing charts on the packaging I would say this.  The 4ga will do you fine at the 25' length for engines up to 5-liters or so (and honestly probably up to about 6L as well.)  Anything bigger than that and you should be considering these or something even better.Also protect your investment.  Buy a cable bag for them to keep them neat and protected.  Also keep the twist ties that came with them to keep them organized inside your bag.  I have the Arsenal #5888 cable organizer and it works great for this.  Remember too to clean and inspect your cables after each use to prolong their life and keep you safe.
So some question as to wire material in other reviews.  Mine were 100% stranded copper, no aluminum.  Got here fast.  Clamps have strong springs and I used them the day they got here.  Gripped the terminals well, one top post battery, one side post  All in all a great set of cables.  My only question is I live in Alaska so when it gets -20 how will the insulation hold up.
Needed some jumper cables after mine were stolen years ago.  I know, I know, lucky I didn't need them.  These however are easily store able despite the long heavy duty construction and extra long chord.  I also bought the bag they suggested.  Both are great emergency editions.
This 16 ft. Coleman jumper cable is a 4 gauge cable which is a mechanic's grade.  It is durable and will last a long time.  The length ensures that you will be able to utilize this tool without worry, the clamps glow in the  dark and fit both side post and top post batteries.  It comes with a  lifetime warranty and I am very glad that I bought it.
CCI Consumer Support &lt;consumerserv@colemancable.com>6:31 AM (12 hours ago)to meHello, this product is made using copper clad aluminum.Thank you.
i got this one back when my old car used to die on me all the timewhen i finally got a new car i was almost upset that it always starts by itself thats how good this cable isi also have another ( even more heavy duty 2 gauge ) coleman cable but that one is TOO heavy and clamps are too hard to compress.  this 4 gauge one is ideal IMHO for a mid-size car.  clamps operate smoothly, the cable itself is not too heavy or stiff and power transfer is good.i had a cheap cable literally MELT on me once and wouldn't start the car because it was too thin.  don't use cheap jumper cables - go for a nice solid one like this.
I have owned a pair of these for about a year, after owning a couple of cheaper pairs, and what I have learned is that there are three basic considerations when buying booster cables.  First, the quality of product that the manufacturer produces.  Poor quality cables will fail on you and possibly do serious damage to your vehicle.  These cables are very well made and reliable.  Second, the gauge of cable.  The lower the number the heavier the cable.  Four gauge is nice and beefy, and will do the job for any passenger car or truck.  Don't go for a higher number (and therefore less capable) set of booster cables.  Third, the length of the cable.  It is inevitable that you will eventually have to use these to start a car that is boxed in by a garage, trees, or other vehicles and you''ll have to reach the battery from the back of the vehicle.  Twenty feet is the minimum length.  Get 25 foot cables if you can.
Product arrived before scheduled delivery time. Good quality cables and excellent price. I purchased these cables because of the quality and their lenght. I have a Kenworth semi and the lenght is excellent if needing to jump start other vehicles.
Parrot jaws are great.  Clamps strong and really moves the amps.  I cranked over an old tractor and the cables didn't heat even a little.  And the 20-feet is so great!!
It is hard to find pure copper cabled jumper cables.  The add for these gave me the confidence that I was getting just that.  After arrival I noticed the plated copped aluminum wire :(.  Not a deal breaker as they are well built and will most likely do what I request of them.
These jumper cables are very well built. I love the length because I don't have to worry about putting my SUV on a specific side to jump start another vehicle. The cable does not feel 2-Guage, it feels more like a 4-Gauge, but I trust the rating from Coleman, the manufacturer.Bought the jumper cables along with 'Bucket Boss 06009 Jumper Cable Bag'. It is a nice tight fit; if you are organized and like things nice and tidy, get this bag. If you don't want to spend time organizing the cables after use so that they can fit in the bag, then get the next bigger size.
Strong clamps, heavy gauge cables, and good length. Much nicer than most cables you'll find at a retail store and these bite HARD to stay on battery terminals without slipping.
I purchased these for jump starting our Yukon XL that we infrequently drive. We've had problems in the winter keeping the battery fully charged enough to turn over the engine. These cables are great because we can easily connect to the other vehicle without moving either one to get close enough for cable connection. They are long enough for the job and I love the 4 gauge wire - easily boosts the Yukon's battery without needing to sit connected for a long time - just long enough to start the boosting car, get out, walk over to the Yukon and start it! Despite being 4 gauge, they are very pliable and wind up nicely without kinking and twisting.Only negative is the clamps slip a little on the Yukon's battery terminal. But I think that has more to do with the location of the terminals on the side, rather than on the top.
I paid a lot for an additional 5 feet, but this is the Rolls Royce of jumper cables; I'm set for life. If you are like me, and don't want to come up short in an emergency, get these jumper cables and you'll have something that I call one of the best things you can invest in...peace of mind!
Bought one and then bought another, looks to me like they will last a long time, a quality item.
These cables are ok but not thick as I wanted it to be. The clamp for these cables are pretty good. Its not one of those cheap clamps that can twist or break off easy. I would buy it again for jumping a family car but not a heavy duty truck due to the size of the cable.
I had an 12 yr. old pair of 12' jumper cables I use at work to jump start my fellow associates.  These will work better where I don't have to bother anyone who is parked next to that associates car.
Product feels well made and surprisingly is not as heavy as anticipated. Box comes with handle and clear, bilingual, directions for how to boost a vehicle are listed on back.
Solid, sturdy, and easy to use jumper cables.  On sale, too!  Just tested these out last week for my roommate who had a dead battery.  They did exactly what they were supposed to, and we had no problems.
Conductor is all copper, not copper plated aluminum.  The clamps are beefy and rugged and the product is actually Made in USA!  Would highly recommend them for the serious mechanic.
works great-- made in USA -- half the cost of ones we found made in china.  I highly recomend this product.
This is for a gift to my uncle. We have not had the chance to use it yet. It looks to be a reliable thing to have in case of emergency.
I had a pair i made very similar to these,i nearly know i will love these and use them quite often.Plus!,you can't buy the stuff at TSC to make them any cheaper.That would've cost me so much more going that route!
Been wanting a good set of jumper cables (dependable). Have had a real old set for years, wires were coming off my old set at the clamps. These new cables have enough wire gauge to meet any demand, also, clamps are real strong to clamp battery terminals. Won't go wrong with these.P.S. these wires are aluminum with a copper coating, I've read some of the reviews on other cables and people have complained about not being copper all the way through, folks, if all these jumper cables were pure copper, nobody would be able to afford them, as high as copper is today. M. Holmes
Very good quality for the price. Clamps are designed to acommodate different types of clamping situations.
I've gone through over a dozen sets of cheap cables in the last decade. The most recent ones I wasted hours trying to fix so I could jump off a truck that had me blocked into my driveway.Never again! I found these cables and bought them with no hesitation. I'm so glad I went with my gut-these things are bulletproof. Spend the extra money and get a heavy duty bag to store them in. It keeps them clean and damage free and out of the bed of the truck.
Great heavy duty jumper cables that are not puny. They are plenty long enough for all sorts of variants when you're trying to hook up batteries that are in odd places or in cars that can't get in proper position with conventionally &#34;shorter&#34; cable sets .They work great. They remain flexible in the cold too!
Very well made and very heavy, which they should be. I like the strong spring on the clamps and the long cables.
Just got these 15lb. babies in, and all I can say is WOW!! I have been an OTR driver for 16 yrs. These are going in the side box of my 2002 Volvo 640 VNL. Had a cheap Walmart set that were 8ga. 2 winters ago we saw -17 degree temps here in Idaho, and as a result one of the 3 batts I have on my 14.9 liter Cummings ISX Volvo went bad. Truck would not jump start with the 8ga Walmart cables attached after 30 min. The vehicle supplying the power was an 01 Dodge Ram with a factory 136 amp alternator. Boss showed up with his 2ga coleman wires 98 Dodge Ram v6 98 amp alternator and my Volvo truck stared after 3 min.. The Walmart cables are going into the trash.. Thank you Amazon for quality cables!!
I wanted a super heavy duty set of booster cables and these certainly fill the bill.  I have not had the need to try them out yet but the heavy duty construction leaves me no doubt that I would be able to jump start the space shuttle if needed.  You may be able to get by with a set of 4ga or even 6ga, but if you have full size trucks or an RV, these are definitely worth considering.
These are good heavy duty cables I use them to jump start at semi trucks and they work perfect I also have used them to jump regular cars and they work fine batteries usually charge like in 5 mins
I have a VW Passat. The German's like to put the battery in the trunk. Never quite figured out why. However, when parked in my garage it's a long way to the battery in my Camry. Fortunately, when the Camry battery gave us problems I was able to go from the trunk of my Passat to the engine compartment of the Camry and jump the vehicle. Without the 20' cables, my other jumper cables would have never reached. The cables attach securely. If anything, the handles on the cables are a little to strong. Smaller ladies may have an issue unless they have a strong grip. Other than that, they are excellent and the best set of cables I have ever purchased. I also purchased the Arsenal 5888 Cable Organizer pouch to store the cables when not in use.
Keep them in the truck and have frequently used them without any problem over the past 2 1/2 years that I've owned them.
These jumper cables are quite big and heavy because of their gauge. That makes it a little difficult to keep your trunk organized. However, they are very durable and feel very well built. I don't think the cable will become detached from the clamps - they fastened pretty well.
They are very sturdy, carry a great electrical charge between batteries, and are very durable.  I have bought a second set.  Highly recommend.
I bought these to use at work and I have already used them about ten times. I have jump started a old peterbuilt tractor, some cars and stakebeds and not once did the cable heat up. The Clamps on the end are extremely strong and can clip onto small spots very well. I just wish I had bought a longer set but these work great.
I bought these and brought them to Colombia, S.A. because the cables here are not well made. Anyway, though I have not had the unfortunate opportunity to use them - they at least appear to be high quality.I am very particular when it comes to purchasing things - and after doing my homework, I decided that the Coleman brand was reputable and could provide the quality I desired.Well, the cables and clamps are well made - and I don't think that the clamps will let go of anything - kind of like alligator teeth.So, if you are looking for a set of "jumper cables" - perhaps you might consider Coleman Cable Systems.  Now, I just need the opportunity to use these things.
Works really really good i have dodge 2500 jumping guy at work really fast .finally have a good cables of my own.
i got these cables for my sons truck. they are the real deal, nice and heave to stand up to the power they need to handle. be carefull when buying some other cables, I got a pair off amazon about a week ago and they said they were 4 gauge. they were lucky if they were 8. these are made in IL and are what they say they are.
These are really sturdy cables, and really long. They can reach another vehicle parked in front of mine, and they don't even have to be parked head-to-head.
Over the years I probably  owned 3 or 4 cheap jumper cables prior to these. You think I would have learned after the first 1 or 2. True most people don't use cables very often, but when you do use them you need something that works well. It seems I use them more for stranded people in parking lots or friends and neighbors than I do for my self.I have found the cheaper 8, 10 or higher gauge cables, in not to much time and use will deteriorate to the point when you really need them they won't work. These are a heavy duty 4 gauge wire that will last for many years. In fact they might be the last jumper cables you ever have to buy. My vehicle as do most newer vehicles have side battery posts. These cables slip on them and lock in place, making a nice solid contact with no worry about sparks. For posts mounted on top of the battery it has a alligator type clamp on the end which will lock on tight, since the handle is spring loaded. This cable is 16 ft long for easy access for cars, SUV's and smaller trucks. If you have a larger truck or motor home you might want to consider longer cables.I also " as Reviewer George C writes " had cheap jumper cables literally melt when using them, it is not unusual for cheap bargain basement cables to do this. It's a scary and dangerous situation when this happens, particularly  when battery acid is in the mix.I feel it is well worth the couple of extra $$ for the peace of mind, knowing these cables will work safely  when I need them.
Had been using four gauge 20 foot long cables which served me well Ireceived a call for a jump start on a older model Cadillac this particular vehicle was cold as ice it would not jump after sitting for about 10 minutes on the four gauge 20 ft long I had just bought the Coleman 25 foot long from Amazon which I felt were a bit pricey for the extra 5 feet the vehicle started immediately so as a reminder to my fellow roadside providers always by the best 5*****
Clips and wire connections could be a bit stouter but for the price this is about the best going. They should last a life time if not abused.
These are an insurance policy for my Land Rover.  An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.  These are heavy weight and appear to be solidly built.  As I haven't used them, it's difficult to talk about function.  That being said, I'm happy enough with the construction to give them a solid 4.  You get what you pay for, and this is certainly worth it.
A bought a Whistler Pro-1600 Watt Power Inverter from Amazon and needed a convenient way to hook it up to my vehicle's battery.  A key issue with such inverters is minimizing the voltage drop between the battery and the inverter to avoid low-voltage trip-outs where the inverter's input voltage drops below the inverter's minimum allowable input voltage.  Thus, I needed a good low-voltage-drop cable with good clamps for attaching to the battery.  The far end of the cable was going to be cut off and the cable connected to the inverter with new swagged-on terminals (Thomas-&Betts; #4 AWG - 54106).What I found was that this cable is not pure copper...it's roughly half the conductivity of copper for the same diameter...but works pretty well.  As part of my tests with the 1600-watt inverter, I carefully measured the various voltage drops in the cable circuit for a constant 100 amp current.  These were quite illuminating!  For the as-delivered Jumpers (two cables, 40 feet round-trip between source battery and the being-jumped-battery, the voltage drops were as follows:  Battery terminal to jumper copper jaws (all four clamps totaled)=0.2 volts &#34;surprisingly low to me.&#34;  Battery copper jaws to cable attachment to clamps=0.13 volts &#34;could have been eliminated by attaching cable directly to copper jaws like some cables do, but not a big deal.&#34;  Round trip voltage drop down the jumper cable itself (40 feet total R/T distance)=1.77 volts.  Thus the total voltage drop was 2.1 volts for 100 amp current.  This is starting to be significant, but probably OK.For my application I shortened the cables to 5 1/2 feet (11 feet round trip) and swagged on the terminals on the other end using a Harbor-Freight hydraulic cable crimper (Model 66150 w/ #0 die).  The swagged fittings came out perfect with only a 0.001 volt drop from cable to fitting and another 0.002 volt drop through the bolt terminal to the inverter.Bottom Line:  I'm VERY happy with the overall results...though I'd prefer to have the cables be pure copper...and thus lower voltage drop.  The Inverter worked like a champ with the cables...no low voltage trips even with very large start-up currents (3 HP, 16&#34; electric chain saw)...this was just a test, but I was impressed!  My objective is to use the inverter with a smaller Remington 8-amp 10&#34; electric chain saw...its works perfectly on the inverter.
I did some research and found that these were made in the USA and although the ad does not mention it, the cables are solid copper. The clamps are also as good as they get. Very solid compared to others which are quite flimsy. Many cables are not copper, so you do need to check unless you don't care about lasting qaulity and high performance. These are worth the money and you will not find a better set in this price range. Go at least 20 foot, you will be glad you did.
IT IS A VERY NICE PAIR OF 20 FOOT 4 GAUGE BOOSTER CABLES. IT IS NOT PROFESSIONAL QUALITY, BUT IT IS PERFECT TO KEEP IN YOUR TRUNK FOR EMEGENCY SITUATIONS. ALWAYS SPEND A LITTLE EXTRA TO GET A LONGER AND HEAVY GAUGE CABLE.
Don't buy cheap jumper cables, you will be lucky to jump your car. If you do actually successfully jump the car with cheap (thin) cables, it will take who knows how many minutes of running the other car at 2,000 RPMs. With these, it was instant. I will never buy cheap cables again!! The only down side (not that big of a deal), is that these are rather heavy (which makes sense since they are way thinker than the cheap ones i had before).
Very good quality cables and fine strand wire! The clamps are also good and heavy duty
I wanted to get quality heavy duty jumper cables for my truck instead of the cheap flimsy things you see at the auto parts store.  These are definitely heavy duty and actually quite heavy.  I haven't had to use them yet, and will edit my review when I do.
Despite the near $5 per gallon fuel these days, my family owns a dually and a full size SUV which are long vehicles to manipulate cables around when not ideally parked and needing a jump start.  These are heavy duty cables and 25ft long with very secure clamps.  I strongly suggest a carry / storage bag such as Bucket Boss Cable & Tool bag due to the cable's weight and length.  The last thing you need is to damage the vehicles with out of control cables.
The Coleman 08760 20 foot, 4 gage cables are heavy duty. Every contractor should have a pair in their work truck. Past experience dictates a good long set of cables will never let you down when trying to reach the length of a vehicle parked nose forward. Along with their length, the jaws are another important consideration. Ever have a jaw slip off a terminal and sparks fly? These jaws have double copper contacts on both sides, so there is twice as much gripping power and contact area. I also like the vinyl color coded handles that reduce slipping when trying to lock onto a terminal in the rain or snow. Even the box these cables come in is tough enough to second guess the purchase of a cable bag.While these cables are not cheap, think about how much a tow truck costs versus asking a buddy to pull up and open the hood. Amazon offers a fantastic price on all Coleman products, and if you qualify for free shipping, these cables will pay for themselves in one use.
I purchased this jumper cable set expecting it to last longer than a couple months. The cable worked fine in the beginning and it seemed &#34;Heavy Duty&#34;. After couple uses, I noticed that the wires near the clamps began to snap off with it eventually breaking off completely. I would not recommend this product to anyone and I think that amazon should stop selling it immediately as it poses a definitely safety hazard.
There are lots of good reviews here about these cables, so I don't have a lot to add but I wrote the review to let folks know that these will fit into the Bucket Boss 06009 Jumper Cable bag also sold here on Amazon.  The bag is a bit smaller than advertised, but these Coleman cables will fit, although you won't have any extra room left over.As for the cables themselves, they are just perfect for my needs.  I wanted the extra length because with a big truck, you never know how your vehicles will be situated when you need a jump.  I wanted them to be heavy-duty, because 6.7L diesels need serious cranking power.  And I wanted the clamps that would attach securely to both top or "post" type batteries and side terminal batteries too.  These clamps are ideally designed to do both, because they can clamp from the sides or the tip of the clamp.Very happy with these cables.
Absolutely the best booster cables I have ever owned.  I got tired of constantly repairing my old ones, or taking jolts from wire protruding thru the insulation.  The parrot jaws do not slip off of any connectors and are very easy to clamp onto things.
Good product and very substantial. You could jump start a locomotive with these cables. I haven't used them yet, and hopefully never will; but if I need them,they will do the job. Expensive, but they aren't cheap junk.
Not the typical flimsy cheap wannabe. These cables are solid and well made. It is long enough and the clamps are tight yet easy to manage.
Plenty of power and width for any project. An excellent buffer that I know will last for years and years. Well worth the extra cost over the inexpensive imports.
I received this buffer as a gift.  I cannot express to anyone who hasn't seen this machine running the smoothness of this unit.  It is so unbelievably quiet and vibration-free.  The quality sticks out all over it.  The shafts are heavy and smooth.  The unit is heavy-duty, well-finished, and powerful.This is typical Baldor quality, and if you've ever had any experience with Baldor motors or grinders, that says all you need to know.  These units are US-built (Fort Smith, Arkansas).  That's real important down the road (in case you ever need service or parts).  But... the way this machine runs... I don't anticipate needing either service or parts!The 1800 rpm is nice.  The edge of an 8&quot; buffing wheel travelling at 1800 rpm is really zipping by.  I'd be uncomfortable with the 3400 rpm model (because I'd be afraid it'd heat the buffing compound too much).  Once you see this machine running, you'll know what I mean.This is a machine you could use day-in, day-out, and still get a lifetime's worth of use from it.  Unbelievably fine quality!
I  also use Occidental Leather products and they are the best belts I have ever used, I am a carpenter and with my bags full of tools and nails it still doesnt feel like I am wearing any, and comfort...the padded belt assures maximum comfort and stability, most people say they are too expensive but you cant put a price on comfort
Looked like a nice bag but sized very small.I have a 30/31 waist size and this bag was TIGHT on the very last hole.I am ordering another Occidental belt (more expensive) for more features.
I've owned a few tool belts and the barrel bag set is the best by far.  I work in hvac so I carry alot of tools from hammers to drills, but with the barrel it doesn't feel like I have a belt on.  There are so many pockets for fastners, and tools.  I can even carry a can of pop or two or three for those hot summer days when going to the watercooler slows the work down.This bag is not as costly as most other bags I've priced.  The craftman ship on the bag is the best I've seen.  Let me be so as to say Occidental leather makes the best tool belts on today's market.
The generator is grossly overpriced even after the Hurricane. It is heavy and does not have wheels. I ordered a wheel kit and it came with no instructions and no way to know how to attach it. I would not recommend it at all.
I have 2 of these Yamaha Generators and they are the best!  Dependable is the first thought that comes to mind.  They start and run with one or two pulls (they have electric start, if you add a battery).  They are extremely  quiet and they run all day on one tank of gas.  Yamaha has a reputation of  making only top quality stuff, and these generators have all the bells and  whistles.  I was pleasently surprised at the low cost compared to other top  of the line generators. If you are looking for top quality at a reasonable  price, this Yamaha can't be beat!
A quiet strong and nicely made generator. Works great and the lockplugs are easy to hook up. Best I have ever seen in its class! The guy complaining about his has not read his handbook. In a blackout, it will run the heater, the fridge,lights, pump, tv etc. I use a surge protector on mine.
I purchased this generator a few years ago. Since then with winter ice storms and power outages it performed well. I use it with a transfer switch to power some of my house power needs during power outages. A few years ago we got hit with an ice storm and were without power for a couple of days. If you ever have gone through that it is something I wouldn't wish on anyone.  The yamaha 6,600 generator has been a blessing and would not be without it. Don't be left wondering when you will get power back to your home. This will end that question.  Love My Yamaha 6,600 generator.
PURCHASED THIS ITEM AFTER CAREFULLY REVIEWING ALL THE PRO'S AND CON'S WITH EACH BRAND.  PRICE WAS NOT A MAJOR FACTOR BUT PERFORMANCE WAS.  BRAND NEW OUT THE BOX SITS A YG6600DE FULL OF OIL AND GAS, AFTER SEVERAL HOURS OF TRYING TO GET THE UNIT TO OPERATE PROPERLY- YAMAHA TELLS ME I HAVE TO RETURN IT TO A SERVICE CENTER. NEEDS ADJUSTING TO PREVENT THE GENERATOR FROM SURGING WHILE OPERATING A 1/3 HP GRINDER.  I WAS ALSO TOLD BY YAMAHA THAT THIS WAS NOT A SMALL LOAD.  I UNDERSTAND THE LOAD OF STARTING A MOTOR BUT COME ON, A 1/3 HORSE POWER GRINDER.. GIVE ME A BREAK.  SO MY WORDS FOR YOU ARE, IF YOU WANT A HONDA BUY A HONDA..........KEVIN DAVENPORT
It seems that reviews are going to vary quite a bit on this generator.I bought mine new from a marine supplier going out of business and have used it as a backup generator for about 5 years in two different houses in two different climates (the South and northern New England).  My generator has been hard-starting since new, with no adjustments, plug changes, or anything else making any difference whatsoever.  (And the gas has a preservative in it.)  I absolutely cannot pull-start mine unless the engine is hot.  Because of this, I start mine with the electric starter and always keep a battery charger attached.  The good news is that it always starts without fail and runs smoothly immediately on starting, even though I have to crank it a bit. Starting is pretty much the same in warm temps or sub-zero.I bought this generator because of its excellent reputation for clean power and for its ability to handle surge demand - important for a backup generator as you don't want power to sag too far when motors in well pumps and furnaces kick on.  The generator motor is brushless and high quality.  The engine is built for long life and my direct experience has proven that out, having had to run through outages lasting days.  It is also reasonably quiet given that it is an open frame design.The 6600 is heavy.  I highly recommend getting the mobility kit.  As an FYI, the frame has a lifting eye on top - very handy if you have the ability to take advantage of it.My generator panel carries the well pump, 1st floor furnace, refrigerator and freezer, pellet stove, a selection of light circuits, and a few other circuits.  I start the generator with all circuits running motors off, switching them in 1 minute increments to offset any starting loads.  The switching sequence is kept on a list in the panel.I'm not sure what direction I'd go if I bought another generator.  On one hand, it would be convenient to have a built-in, whole-house unit.  Then again, they are expensive and you leave those behind when you move.  Another direction would be an inverter-based unit.  The advantage there is cleaner power, but they have a higher risk of breakdown (more electronics).  Pick your compromise, I guess.  A high-quality, air-cooled, open frame generator is an excellent choice, but you need to put the emphasis on quality when you buy.  Pass the discount and home center brands by and pick up something like the Yamaha, a Honda, or an Onan.This is an excellent generator, though I have to knock it down to 4 stars because of the starting issues I've experienced with my unit.
We were so grateful for the instant light which came on automatically in our home last week during a 13 hour blackout inour area due to tornadoes and fierce windstorms in 5 states. Wekeep our Wagan in the hall of our two storey home to illuminate the stairway, in case of an emergency. The neighbors noticed allthe light we had and thought we had a generator! It probablysaved us from injury, as we did not have a flashlight in ourreach when it went pitch black with no warning. Really recommendthis product.  Jo Anne Mackby
Gramps got tired of havin' no entertainment in the outhouse.  Well, Cousin Eddie found this little Xantrex power pod and plugged it into the lighter of his '57 Edsel flatbed and by golly, we got instant power to the old Magnavox in the half-moon!  Now, Gramps can take care of business and watch his favorite &quot;Hee Haw&quot; reruns.  'Cause we got us a two-seater, Granny will often join him.  They call it &quot;quality time.&quot;But this nifty inverter has many other uses, yessirree.  Cousin Buford runs a live wire out of it and de-feathers them chickens in about six seconds, and Aunt Mira sticks a screwdriver in the AC outlet whenever she needs to straighten her hair (she says it's the best hair straightener she's ever used).Shucks, we never knew the wonders of 'lectricity 'til this Xantrex power tool came along.  Ain't technology a marvelous thing!
This is a Great power inverter. I'm using it for a desktop PC in my truck  so I can listen to MP3's on the road. This inverter is perfect for my needs  and at a great price. I was worried about noise coming through the inverter  but I can say that I have had no noise problems. The user guide that came  with it was very helpful on how to wire directly to the battery and bypass  the cigarette lighter adapter.
First of all, this product is grossly misrepresented by the manufacturer. It is rated at 300 Watts output, but that's only IF you cut the power cord and attach it directly to a 12v battery. Otherwise, according to the instruction book, it is only rated at 150 Watts. Now, if you have a shop and electrician's tools and know how to solder, then you're probably in fine shape. The extra pieces of equipment (inline switch, inline fuse, ring terminals) shouldn't be a major expense. Buying a solder gun and solder adds to the cost. And you may end up having to take it a shop to have them do all the connections if you suck at soldering. It can get expensive to turn this product in to the product it is advertised to be, easily another $15 to $30. The actual manufacture costs of putting in the inline switch and fuse and providing ring terminal connections, probably would have cost the manufacturer an extra $1.50, but that would cut into their profit margine too much. So you end up with a product which, to be used as advertised, has to modified at extra expense and time (and a lot of running around to hardware stores trying to find the parts and the tools). I am inclined to return it, simply because it IS NOT ready to be used as it is represented. I don't even know if the product works. Once I cut the power cord to make it functional as represented (300 Watts), I can probably no longer return it (it may even void the warranty). So I am stuck with a dilemma ... return it, and buy a product that is REALLY a 300 Watt inverter, or try to modify it so that I can use it at the rated power. It is definitely false advertising. And I don't consider educational experiences like this anything more than frustrating and annoying. If you're an electrician, then you probably won't have any problems (on the other hand, if you're an electrician, you probably won't be needing/wanting such a small unit anyway). Consider yourself forewarned. As is, this is only a 150 Watt inverter (and an expensive one considering).
Have had this product probably 10+ years now, and it works flawlessly.  Have powered everything from laptop computers to fans to coolers while we were on the road.  Good capacity the smaller inverters just don't have.
I bought this to be some power backup at home and when camping.  Got the product and tried to run my 27 inch TV on it.... only to find it didn't work.Looking at the guarantee, it indicated that an additional accessory is necessary to test the guarantee.  (A direct connection to the battery.)  I purchased the necessary equipment and tried the inverter on the 27 inch TV.  After several unsuccessful attempts (5 or 6) the TV did come on.It ran for more than an hour on the inverter.  By that time it was late at night and I had to go to bed... disconnected the inverter from the battery.The next morning I got up early to continue the test.  (I wanted to see how long the TV would run on a full charged battery.)  In my morning haze, I connected the polarity in the connection wrong.  (Just for a small fraction of a second, and the switch on the inverter was in the off position.)  The inverter is now dead.  It no longer functions at all.Now I'm investigating how much $$ it'll cost me to get a working inverter....  (The warrantee does not cover this mistake, so it is my dime now.)BE CAREFUL!  THIS PRODUCT IS VERY UNFORGIVING .I suggest looking for an inverter with polarity protection... this one dows not have it.
Xantrex inverters have always performed great for my business. The on/off switch does wear out after a few years of use but is easily replaced.
The inverter works exactly as promised - it'w well made by a reputable company. What they DON'T tell you, though, is that, depending on your application, you need a large (300)amp fuse to make things work. You can't just hook the inverter straight to your battery bank and expect to plug in a microwave, for instance. Even after talking to Xantrex, it took some detective work to figure out this was our problem. If you need a lot of watts, this is a great unit to go with. Just do your homework and order a fuse and fuse holder online the same time you order this unit.
The Xantrex inverter was delivered quicker than expected and although I have not installed it yet as it is still winter here, it will be the120 volt source of backup power sourced by my new solar PV/battery system.  I am confident that I chose a top product from the plethora ofchoices out there.
Had this unit now 2 years in an 18-wheeler. it survived a voltage spikes of 17+ volts from an alternator that spiked whenever it got wet from a truck wash, Its been in 3 different trucks since. We use a hot plate, a 900w microwave, a hotel sized fridge, lots of ham radio gear, and a 40-amp 0-20v DC power supply. I also use my 1/2" variable speed drill and a 200W soldering gun with it whenever I am building custom antennas for my radio gear...Like I said,.. tough as nails. It produces NO "birdies" or electrical noise whatsoever on any of the ham bands as long as the control unit is not mounted separately. If you mount the control unit with a long cable remotely, you need a shielded cable, because it will produce some noise on the lower HF bands.
I've only had this up an running for a few days so these are just my initial impressions. First I want to say this unit is much bigger than it looks. Pay attention to the dimensions and plan accordingly.  I bought this unit to replace a broken Prowatt 1000 and I can honestly say there is no comparison. This is a much more powerful and robust unit. It runs my full size refrigerator without skipping a beat which has a stating load of 1250 watts, 250 watts continuous.  Also the removable display provides a lot of usefully information in a clear and precise manner.The only drawbacks I've noticed so far is the display unit is not back lit and the fan is rather loud. It also does a weird speed control with the fan that makes it whine loudly when it's running slow, when it's up to full speed (about 200 watt load) it is a much more conventional fan sound. Since my last Xantrex inverter died shortly after the two year warranty expired I have concerns about longevity, time will tell. So far, I am very happy with it's performance.
UPDATE - I bought this 12/07 and it's now 08/09.  Amazon is selling a remote faceplate along with the prosine inverters.  YOU DON'T NEED TO BUY IT.  The inverters come with a built in faceplate and 4 screws - remove the screws and insert a male-female modular phone cable to extend the remote control to wherever you want it.  Amazon did remove the cautions about generators, so I am removing my paragraph about the difference in generators and inverters.  My pro-sine 1000w nominal, 1500w peak has proven to be as reliable as a power outlet in my home, and in analyzing the power quality with fluke tools it is equal to or better than the power from the grid, which says alot.Note - when this was written the price was $549 and was the best deal on the net.  Amazon has raised their price but the Xantrex prosine series is still in the top tier of inverters.  Also note that Amazon's description makes reference to a staged charger - the prosine series HAS NO CHARGER and is reliant upon an external charger (alternator, AC, or solar etc) so amazon should correct their description.  I later purchased a D31M Optima battery and a 1.5 Farad capacitorOptima Batteries  OPT D31M  Group 31 Marine Battery, BlueTopPOWER ACOUSTIK 1.0 FARAD Digital Power Capacitor (POWER ACOUSTIK PC10F)to improve the surge performance of this inverter for starting an air compressor.  I also added a 50 foot 10/3 extension cord to use with it so that power would not be wasted in the extension see:Coleman Cable 10/3 50-Foot Vinyl Outdoor Extension Cord #02688-88-02Updated 1/2008.  Using these add-ons makes a very functional 1000W continuous inverter with 1500 watt surge capability that operates in my car and doesn't complain what I operate from it.(paragraph wondering why amazon put generator info on this product now removed - it is not a generator - it converts 12 volts DC from a battery or car alternator to 117 VAC with a true sinewave output that won't damage delicate appliances)PROS:Lets start positive:  Inverters are almost silent.  They make a very very slight buzzing sound on the poor quality models, but a true sine wave inverter is almost completely silent except for cooling fans which only come on under high power use and turn off when it is cold outside or you are running a transformer adapter)A true sine wave is just like the power that comes from the utility.  A modified sine wave is squared off without round corners - this causes heat generation in alot of electronic devices and can blow fusses even blow transformers.  For those non-electricians it's like using square tires on a car meant for round tires!  I have used alot of modified sine wave inverters in my time - they are much smaller, much cheaper, and tend to DESTROY your expensive electronics.  That is why I bought a TRUE sine wave inverter - the power is just like what comes from the wall socket, but you pay more for the inverter and get less power out.  It's a tradeoff that can save your valuable electronic parts.  For me, this one will drive > $250,000 in Agilent test and measurement gear in my truck, so $549, which is the best price around, is cheap! (revised: 1/08 not any more - several companies sell it for 599)  revised 08/09 - now they are $750 - inflation.OK - more pros - the Xantrex brand comes with a nice LCD display showing volts, amps, and watts.  This display can be removed and relocated in your vehicle with a simple telephone cord for $5. REVISED - YOU DON'T NEED TO BUY THE SEPARATE CONTROL PANEL - JUST RELOCATE THE BUILT IN ONE using a phone cord.  No exposed printed circuit boards are present and the remote display is self contained as it comes from the factory.  Other higher wattage Xantrex sinewave inverters do not include this display and sell it optionally for $400 alone.  Some sites advertise the display board as an optional item.  I don't know why - it comes with the inverter in the 1000/1800 watt variant.  Cheaper brands have red/green lights on the front that are permanent.  Like a fine auto, guages are essential to proper operation to know when your battery is dying or if you have a bad connection somewhere.  The LCD display shows Volts, Amps, and has a bargraph showing your instantaneous wattage including surge to 1500 watts.You should know the two prosine models (1000/1800 watt continuous) each come in 3 models - version 1 is hardwired for an RV by an electrician (no GFCI, conduit fittings in/out), version 2 is hardwired with an auto switchover when AC is present (just like a UPS but meant for LONG runtimes), and ver. 3 has a GFCI outlet on the front panel to just plug into but no AC connection at all.  This model is the 3rd variant.  You give it a 12VDC source and it gives you 1000 watts (1500 surge watts for a few seconds to start lights, motors, and such).  Keep in mind that to get 1500 surge watts, you need 150 amps at 11 or so volts.  That is not going to come from the cigarette lighter - this must be installed with heavy wire going to a top of the line battery as startup currents for some devices may be 130+ amps.  Motors and incandescent lights can draw as much as 10x their operating power at startup, which is why a good inverter gives you both max and surge values.Also use caution when buying any inverter - advertising will push the "surge" value which may be for only 1/2 second on some models (about 3 seconds on this one).  Your real operating power is the lower number.If you want one of the other models they are more expensive and you can add features later if you really need them, but its not an easy task.  Odds are you don't need these features but if you think you do, this is the wrong model - it is the entry level model w/o all the features.  There is also an 1800 watt version available for more money.  I bought this because of the value at the $549 pricepoint.  Today I'd probably buy the 1800 watt model as the prices are closer.  Everyone else is $680.  (note prices are higher now)Another "PRO" of this is the xantrex inverter has a power down (sleep) mode where it will wake up every 2.5 seconds and look for a load connected to it - if there is no load of 10 watts or more (i.e. lights are turned off) then it goes back to sleep for 2.5 seconds.  In this mode it only uses 1.5 watts from your batteries.  It's very efficient this way to not drain your batteries if you turn off your load when it is not in use.  Idiling (running the inverter without a load) takes about 22 watts instead of 1.5 watts in sleep mode.  You can turn sleep mode on or off if you want full power 100% of the time.  In sleep mode you will notice the NEON lights of your power strips blink every 2.5 seconds during sleep mode - that is the inverter searching for a load to run.Another design pro is the LCD dot matrix display can be removed and extended from the chassis for remote mounting (i.e. keep the inverter near your batteries and put the monitor near the drivers seat in an RV).  I used a $5 phone extention cable to do this.  If you plan to use it in a vehicle look into battery isolation modules - these allow your batteries to charge while driving and drain your EXTRA batteries with the inverter while not draining your engine starting battery (kinda important!) - I used a system like this to run an electric heater in my truck camper in the nevada winter - batteries charge during they day while driving and keep the truck warm at night, even running cooking tools for dinner.Back to the inverter, now let's address the cons.One sorta con and sorta pro is that the inverter is air cooled.  The fan is VERY fast.  Under light loads (50 watts or so) it doesn't even run the fan.  As soon as you run 1000 watts (ex: printing on a laser printer) it runs the fan at full speed.  In between it runs slower to minimize noise.  It's a good compromise between needlessly running the fan and quickly cooling the inverter under heavy load.Another con is that "TRUE SINE" inverters are not as efficient as "Sorta Sine" inverters are.  In a perfect world if we need 1 amp at 120V, it will take 10A at 12 V to get it.  Due to the fact that this not a perfect world, it's more like 14A at 12VDC to get 1A at 120VAC.  Because this inverter can make 8.3A @ 120V (8.3A x 120V ~= 1000W neglecting the power factor which is beyond this review's scope - google "power factor" to understand it.) You need 8.3 * 12-14A at 12VDC.  That's alot of amps, over 100 amps give or take the efficiencies and surges.  YES IT TAKES >100 amps at 12VDC if you want 1000 watts out!  This means HEAVY wire to your batteries.  Notice I said batteries.  You can wire more than one in parallel (all positves touch, all negatives touch, AND *NO* positive touches any other battery negative such as in 24V battery systems) and you can divide the load - 2 batteries in parallel and your 100 amps is only 50 amps per battery.  With 4 it's only 25 A per battery.  Think lots of matching batteries.  A hidden "PRO" here is that the connector for the heavy cables is up to the task and won't fry when you run 100+ amps through it for hours at a time.  Most inverters lack such a heavy duty connector.  This unit can run 1000 watts continuous which means 100 amps continuous - be sure your wiring is up to the task or it may melt.  You'll want #2 to #2/0 cable to wire this up which is between $2-$8/foot.This is simple power conversion theory and regretably there isn't anything you can do about it except add more batteries to your battery array if you intend to pull 1000 watts for an extended time.  If you seldom need the full 1000 watts or 1500 watt surge rating, then you can use smaller wire, but keep the runs short.There is alot to like about the Xantrex design.  If the only thing you ever intend to run is an incnadescent light and a computer,  then the cheaper "sorta sine wave" inverters (they have many names but are not "TRUE" sine wave designs) will work fine, but don't use a modified sine wave to run any of the following "delicates":+ wall warts (with transformers - they burn up from harmonics+ microwave ovens (they have transformers too and use alot of power)+ VCRs / DVDs / HiFi (clocks will be wrong and you'll get audio buzz)+ some TVs (some do work on square wave but with shortened life span)+ expensive stuff (is it worth it?  Save a couple hundred and ruin it?)+ clocks (they see time going by twice as fast without a pure sine wave)+ flourescent lamps (the coil ballast types get really hot and blow their fuse on modified sine wave power)Of all the options out there for a pure sine wave, Xantrex has the best name and amazon has [revised: HAD] the best price according to froogle and pricewatch.Be sure and buy some heavy guage wire to connect the inverter unless you have a low power load.  If you run 1000 watts through your cigarette lighter it will blow a fuse.  If you put the wrong fuse it it will melt the wire!  Run your wires to the battery.With this inverter you can take your electrical outlet with you on the road or when the power fails have a backup source until your batteries die.  A deep cycle marine battery typically will run 100A for 1 hour (or 1000 watts) so you must conserve if your runtime is important or else add batteries.  Either way you'll love the clean power, no buzzing, dimmers working normally, and nothing being damaged.  Short of a generator, which it is NOT, it is the best way to get AC power away from the utility grid such as solar and wind power systems, off grid living, or car outlets with clean 120 VAC.  Just be sure you have a way to charge your batteries - that is left up to you which is incorrectly documented about the product.  Bigger Xantrex inverters do have internal chargers, but not these.
I bought mine in 2007, installed it in Summer 2008, it has been used less than 50 hours total and this Summer (2011, it's out of warranty) it went belly up, took it to the local Xantrex "REPAIR" center and guess what, it can't be repaired; OH THE IRONY! The AC board (they think) went bad and can't be replaced. What an expensive piece of garbage, no more Xantrex for me. I was told by the repair center that Xantrex is making them irreparable as their objective. I don't see how something that costs close to a grand is built with intent that it cannot be repaired. Thanks Xantrex!!!!!
We have used one of these units on a mobile veterinary hospital 4 days a week, 48 weeks a year since 2007.  It powers critical infrastructure such as surgical lights, anesthesia machines, and the computers.  We have had absolutely zero problems with it.I just ordered a second unit to upgrade our other hospital.
I bought one of these to use as an emergency AC power source when losing power at our house.  I take it out and connect it to my truck battery and leave the truck idling in the driveway while powering my refrigerator, freezer, sump pump, furnace and several lights in the house simultaneously.  No mess or fuss with a gasoline-powered generator that may or may not start.  It is over/underload protected, and has a nice graph showing % capacity currently being used.
This item is the interface panel which allows you to remotely mount the LCD display panel from your Xantrex PROsine 1000 and 1800.  You unscrew the LCD display from the front of your PROsine unit, disconnect the cable from the back of it and plug the cable into the back of the interface panel.  Then plug in the included telephone cable into the front of the interface cable, route that cable to the desired remote mounting location of the LCD display panel, and plug it into the back of the LCD display panel.  Mount the LCD display panel in the new location and you're good to go.The picture currently displaying this interface panel is accurate.  The product description from the manufacturer is accurate.  The product features description listed by Amazon "Remote LCD display, displays battery voltage, amp draw and fault conditions" is inaccurate, and should be revised by Amazon.Other than the somewhat misleading listing, this is a great product.  It works as advertised.  Although it seems a little pricey for what it is, I'm happy that Xantrex designed the unit so you can use the inverter's LCD display in a more useful remote location, and not have to buy a redundant, more expensive remote like some other manufacturers do.  Some of their remote displays cost $100-300.  And it does include 30 feet of telephone cable.
This expensive panel although would do the job it is simply not needed.If you are remotely mounting the inverter like i did i just used a telephone line coupler(just a few dollars)to connect the inverter to your LCD panel via telephone cable. Happy inverting!!
Bottom line ....  It is not the 808-1800 pictured, it is the 808-1801 which is just a simple switch box. The interface has the LCD. Proof for those who want to debate[...]Look at the bottom of page two at the accessories.
This product is exactly what they say it is.  It is not the remote display with the fancy LCD that is already included in your Xantrex inverter, it is the panel that installs on your inverter when you are moving your display panel to a remote location.
The unit I received only has a switch and green LED, no LCD for battery voltage display, no amps display, no power display.  I thought I must have ordered the wrong item and check to see if it worked with my PS1800.  It worked but when I checked my order, it was for the unit with full display!  So this one is going back.
When I bought this charger, I thought I could take it out to the street and jump-start my car battery.  Wrong!!  This charger works great - but only when it is plugged into a wall socket.  It is a BENCH charger, not portable.  I took the battery out of my car, and in a few hours I had a completely charged battery.  It has maintained its charge now for at least a month with no loss in power.  Works great when its plugged in!!
I bought this charger about 1 year ago.  The handle broke off of it within the first 6 months (cheap plastic.  The control knobs are cheap and come off easily.  The automatic shut-off never did appear to function properly.  I had it stored in a controlled environment and just went and got it off of the shelf.  Now the charge side will not function at all.  Being an electronic enginneer, I decided I could find out why.  When I opened the box, something I don't recommend anyone without experience doing, I saw a product that is pieced together quite poorly.  I am not at all impressed.  Think I'll try a Schumacher now instead of even trying to fix this piece of shabby craftsmanship!!
I bought this for the auto on and off. I destroyed 2 expensive Marine Batterys because it never shut off and overcharged the Batterys.I personally would not recommend this charger
This charger features an Automatic On/Off, which will automatically shut off the charger to prevent overcharging and destroying a battery.  It will charge a standard 12 volt battery in about 4-5 hours, or boost a battery to start your engine.  It works with all types of 6 and 12 volt batteries.  It is about $...-... less than buying it in discount automotive stores in the lower 48 States. (don't even ask what it costs up here in Alaska!)
this is not dependable--apparently spades maybe loose like other reviews.Works and then doesn't work.  Sam's Club purchase and hardly used.
I've owned this for many years and it's always worked great.  Maybe some have loose connections, but this one has never failed me.  I've used it to quick charge and for keeping the battery charged over long periods.
This model has served me well under severe abuse. In weather ranging from wet, freezing cold to desert heat, this charger has lasted for several years. It was connected for long periods of time to a 3500+ amp bank of deep cycle RV batteries for the purpose of full recharge and than maintenance.
Purchased from Sam's club about 20 years ago.  It was expensive at the time.  More modern ones on the market now that will handle gel and AGM type batteries better.  The heat sink is a 3 x 4 x 1/4 inch Al plate without fins.  The handle recently broke (so down graded 1/4 pt in the rating).  The amp meter on the charger may not be that accurate and/or my clamp amp meter is not that accurate.  On "auto setting" gets up to 15.4V when still charging at 3A and some jumps in voltage to 17V after the battery is fully charged,  the 2A setting gives about 14.85V after an overnight charge.  I haven't used the 6V setting.  I would not use the 100A burst for "start setting" because the wire is too thin to handle the current and the voltage will damage a diesel's glow plugs and/or the electronics in modern cars.  It also has deep charge battery setting for boat batteries or you need to start charging a very dischaged normal automobile battery.  It would be better if there available to set the max. voltage at under 14.8V for sensitive electronics on the modern cars.  Under heavier load the transformer makes a buzzing noise.One funny property is that then the battery is almost fully charged, the clamp amp meter gives both 3A DC and 1.5A AC  reading as if there's a combination of DC and some AC.  Is this a primative desulfation method?As for the claded copper clamps, pure copper is too soft.  Steel or brass is needed on the clamps.
Nice color.Nice SizeNice features.Easy to useCons:Clips are only copper clad - could be tougher.The handle usually breaks off - its genuine plastic.You will probably lose the switch knobs.Spotty reliability. You may get a good one, you may not. But you may not know until the warranty runs out.I've owned two of these. I took the first one back to Sam's Club when it quit. Got an exchange, and this one quit, too.If your serious and want to spend more for a better charger, search for Associated. For less demanding use, Look into a Schumacher. They are usually not automatic, but they are reliable. There are also very good electronic ones on the market, like a Vector, that use pulse technology that can prolong battery life and even revive long-dead sulfated batteries. Beware though that these are fairly new and longevity hasn't been proven.
I have this particular charger and it's a waste of money.  A month after I bought it, the timer wouldn't work in the "on" position.  Another month later, the timer wouldn't wind down.  You could set it for 15 minutes but the charger would stay on forever.  Lost a couple of batteries before realizing this was the problem.  6 months later, it doesn't work at all.This charger also doesn't include a diode to prevent draining the battery if the charger is unplugged.  It might also drain batteries when turned off, but I can't verify that.I'd recommend spending $$$ more and getting a better charger.  I did.Liza's Dad
I hardly used it at all. Kept it charged & stored as instructed.Used it as backup battery on pop-up camper if main battery died.AC Adaptor died I think, no replacement available for 15VDC AC Adaptor.Try another model, not Century!!!
Excellant, needed it tonight to back-up a dying battery in a truck I don't drive to often, also use it with a portable air compressor from the Radio Shack does a great job charge is simple top it off every 3 month when not in use.
Century J900 Battery Booster has help me with recharging my car battery every time. I have used it about 10 times in the two years that I have owned it. My car battery does not turn over sometimes if the cd or dvd player was on or if a light was left on, so I was getting stuck in my garage or a parking lot trying to figure things out. Since the J900 is so compact, I can easily boost the battery in tight places and on my own. It is color coded (+/-) and the cables clamp into the black holders after use very well. I recharge after each use and have the J900 in my car ready for the next time.
Most of the reviews on this item are positive; however, the ones that relate how the booster died after a relatively short time make up a significant portion of the reviews. I have a J900 booster, used for emergency power as well as ham radio portable power, and I recommend that the instructions be followed to the letter for proper recharging, especially where it says "Do Not Overcharge!" on page 3. The factory 120 volt AC wall charger cannot be left connected 24-hours a day. To do so will essentially "cook" the battery and kill it in short time - you have to follow the user's manual very very carefully to prolong battery life (unfortunately it is very easy to forget to disconnect the battery after a 4-hour charging period). As a suggestion, you can charge the battery about once a month for about 4 hours to keep it charged - if you remember to do so. Fortunately, there are regulated "smart" chargers for sealed lead-acid batteries that can be left hooked up all the time (you may have to change to a cigarette lighter plug) as they sense the current draw of the battery and adjust to the charging requirements at that moment - the result is that your battery is kept at a state of full charge and can last many years. I bought my "smart charger" from allelectronics.com as well as replacement sealed lead-acid batteries. In any event, do NOT use an automotive (wet-cell) lead-acid battery charger to charge these sealed (gel-cell) batteries unless you are sure of the charging characteristics of this kind of battery and the charger and know what to do.Hope this info sheds some light on why this and other similar boosters seem to fail earlier that expected, and what you can do about it.
Have had these for a few years now and reinstalled on 3 trucks.  They still look and work like new ones.
I use to this to clean my brushes. I paint with oils and this stuff really cleans the brushes without all the toxins.
I have been using these black rubber bungees since 1981. I have various sizes of them and some have been on the outside of my truck in all weather for as long as ten years without failure or even apparent wear. I am still using some of the ones I bought in 1981 and I think they will outlast me. I have accumulated more and more of them over the years. The reason I bought these is that a whole bunch of them were stolen from my truck and I am replacing them.Here's a handy hint. If you have a pickup with just a single padeye in each corner, what you can do is stretch these bungees along the sides and along the forward end, then you have clip points all around the bed for securing smaller items. Yes, the bungees are stretchy, so you have to engage your brain and don't expect to secure really heavy stuff. But these bungees are really strong and if you get them tight along the sides of the truck they don't stretch out as much as you might think. I have them doubled all the way around which makes them twice as strong and half as stretchy. My bed is 8' long, so it takes a 31&#34; and a 41&#34; bungee strung together to reach the full 8' length, and a 41&#34; one along the third side. And as I said, I double these so my complete setup is six 41&#34; ones and four 31&#34; ones. I also keep a 41&#34; one to use across the rear of the bed, just inside of the tailgate. This is particularly handy because it keeps most small items from sliding all the way to the front of the truck when you stop.Just keep in mind, these are heavy duty bungees and require some muscle to use them.
A critter decided to break into the attic via the fan, and wound up breaking it (although he left a tuft of hair behind :) Instead of replacing the whole fan, which a professional would have to take care of, I decided to try purchasing this motor and DIY. It was relatively easy to swap out. It is a little hard to determine where to attach the fan blade, since you can place it anywhere along the stem. I recommend looking at the existing placement and use tape to designate where the fan should sit on the new motor stem. This task will make it easier to attach the blade onto the new motor once you have it in the hood. So far it is working fine, and is a little quieter than the old one.
This motor was received when it was expected and was installed a couple of days later.  It has been running perfectly since then.
Motor work good.
Having been in my house for a little over a year, I had discovered the existing ventilation fan hadn't been operating.  Ordered this replacement, along with the Duostat (thermostat/humidistat).  I am happy with how the setup works to clear the attic space of moisture.  I have the humidity setting at 55%.  However, the low hum of the motor can be maddening.  The benefit far outweighs this irritant, but I would recommend buffering the noise or adding extra insulation to kill the noise.
Saved myself quite a bit by replacing the motor in my attic fan that had stopped working. Replacing the whole fixture would have required a roofing specialist or contractor. Not that difficult, just don't wait until summer to get into your attic if you can avoid it.
Fan motor died after several years.  This replacement was easy to install and works beautifully!  Actually quieter than the original motor.
We were glad to find a fan just like the one we had to replace our worn out one. this one works just as nice as the original
I bought this to replace the attic fan that burned up and this was a perfect fit. It seems to be a better quality than the original fan.
Shipment was within one day and motor arrived in about 5 days.  Excellent service,very competitive price and was easy to install.  Recommend this vendor highly. Wish all purchases were this easy and user friendly.
The unit works  as advertised.  So far so good.  We will find its longevity in the future.  Everything went in place with no issues.
Through Amazon I found a replacement motor and fan for my attic power vent. It would have been very expensive to rplace the entire unit. It was delivered within two days and I installed it immediately. It works great. I appreciate the quick delivery.
Exact fit and easy to install using the additional attachment brackets.  Much easier to install the replacement motor  than replacing whole attic fan.
Replaced roof ventilator motor with ease.
I found other web sites that said that this was a replacement part for a power vent motor that went bad in my home.  When I got the new motor, it appeared much larger than my original.  However, I discovered that the new mounting bracket bolt holes still matched the ones in my old motor bracket.  IT WORKED ANYWAY! I think that the larger motor is going to last longer and have more power than my original.
On time delivery, good price.
Unlike other posters, I am not quite as comfortable with electrical wiring. However, a friend replaced both of my attic fans with this unit. The original fans were these so instead of replacing everything - we found the motors here on Amazon. Perfect 2-day arrival and installation (despite the difficulty trying to get to the fans that were installed) only took around an hour to replace both fans.Now to clarify. I am not an electrician but I am an engineer and know the home we have recently purchased (with the bad fans) is not vented properly. There are no roof vents other than the fans - both fans are around 6-foot up in the attic but the roof line extends another 22-feet.Just reading that it's clear that there is a lot of heat above the fans which should have had ridge vents. It does not, therefore in the Mississippi heat, these fans run 12-14 hours a day set at 110 degrees.With that in mind, the fans which were in place (Lomanco - the ones being reviewed here) were installed in 2005 when the home was built. (As per the stickers on the motors)My point in this long story is both fans failed: 1 in 2011 and the other in 2014.The original Lomanco fans had lasted 7-8 years in the conditions noted.Now you see why we went back with this brand. If I get even 4-5 years out of the new ones, I will be incredibly pleased. These are great quality and anyone considering the purchase, I would not hesitate. You will be pleased.
Just one small problem , does not come with metal sheathing for wires. Had to scrounge old metal wire covering from old motor . thank god I had not discarded it.
Worked perfectly. Thanks.
A exact, almost, replacement for a defective one.  The shaft was a bit shorter but I didn't check the old one.
This replaced my 20 year old attic fan motors.  It went in easily and worked great.  Now time will tell how long they last.
I bought 4 of these vent motors (attic fans) to replace the old ones I had in a house I purchased.These motors work great and installation was very easy, also the company shipped them really fast.
This is the right item to use for replacement of the frequently found attic vent fans. If you haven't checked yours out as of yet, it will be a good idea before hot weather comes.  In my experience, these really reduce the cooling load, and are well worth the money.  However, here in the Southern part of the US, these fan motors run a LOT, in spite of having thermostats in the attic.  Typically, you can expect about five years of service, much more in cooler climes.As far as installation is concerned, the attached wire leads are more than adequate for the installation, and the most you may need to do is to take the bolts out of the motor and insert then from the opposite direction, depending on how your vent is built.  Tools needed include 5/16&#34; or 11/32&#34; nut driver, 3/16&#34; allen wrench for the fan blades, and wire strippers.  Be sure to turn the power off to the circuit first!
Purchased the Lomanco Power Vent Attic Fan Motor, received it in two days.  Installation was simple as it fit exactly, no alternations were required.
Exact same motor that came with original installation. Installed without any problem. Put to the test immediately during a heat wave and performed perfectly.
The motor works fine and replacement of the new motor into the existing mounting brackets worked nicely. The hardest part of the whole replacement is getting access to the old motor in the attic and removing the fan blades from the old motor. Once the old unit is removed the rest of the replacement is rather simple. Once the wiring had been connected and electrical current restored it ran just as had been hoped. The hot weather has not arrived quite yet, but I feel confident the motor will work well. This appeared to be the exact replacement of the motor than had frozen. This should work nicely for anyone needing to replace a frozen attic fan motor.
This motor is a direct replacement for the existing motor.  It comes with all the required pieces to make it an easy remove and replace item.  I am very pleased with the quality of the motor and the attachment hardware.
Our Attic Fan went out in the hottest part of summer, so as you know if the attic is sweltering hot, it takes more energy to cool your house.The motor arrived very quickly.So far the fan motor my husband installed (I downloaded instructions off the internet, of course) on the attic fan is working beautifully. Thank You, for making it quick and easy for us to resolve this matter. Thank You, Sharon Deeter
I bought this to replace a seized motor in my attic. It's been working wonderfully through the summer. Can't comment on it's longevity, but it's a good product.
This replacement item met all the necessary requirements for a smooth operational unit. The description of the unit and it's specifications were accurate and very helpful in making a proper selection.The order was processed very quickly with excellent packaging and shipment. My ordering experience was completely painless. Would highly recommend your services for complete customer satisfaction.
My home is 18 years old.  Therefore it was no surprise the motor siezed up.  The replacement motor is different and does require different brackets.  However, it bolted right up to the original mounting locations.The instructions were not clear.  Swapping the fan blade was straight forward.  However, the instructions did not clearly show HOW the brackets are to be attached.  This meant a trail and error approach.All and all, much easier than replacing the entire fan assembly.
Simple to use, no instructions need, can check about every battery with ease.Good value and my go to for checking batteries.
While doing some unexpected remodeling at my wife's home place, I burrowed my friend's tester and dropped it which caused the case to break.  Since he was a good friend I wanted to replace his tester and found the exact model here that I had broken.  Unit arrived based on the shipping method I choose, then I gave it to my friend as a gift when I returned other tools. I was able to repair the broken one and am still using it.  Great unit.Thanks
I bought another brand VOM for my grandson during xmas but it was defective as received..so we returned it to Amazon and purchased this brand..he is away at school and is always working on his mustango G-T when he has time..he loves this new VOM and says it is very easy to use and reliable..so we both are 'happy-campers'...gdm
I have found that my electric clothes dryer goes out when a sensor fails.  This has happened 3 times in 3 years. Don't call the repair guy.  Open up the back of the dryer and look.  A dryer is simply a large metal box with a barrel and a heating element and about a dozen sensors.  Without those sensors, your dryer could catch on fire.  Also some switches --- but they are usually not the problem. Once the back is exposed, check each little plug-in sensor to see if it works.  If the needle on the Continuity Tester does not move, the sensor has failed. YouTube has some good videos showing you how to do this.  Don't be afraid.
A professional may want one with more settings, but for home use or beginners, this is a great multitester. I've used it several times in the past month or two and everything has been great.
Works as expected.  About $40 from Radio Shack. Exactly same functions--about half the size. More convenient for all my electrical needs--
In this digital age sometimes an old Analog device is just the better choice for certain jobs. Works fine let's keep it simple.
I have been using the GMT-12A for a few years now.It has outlasted three other DC testers (two of which were from radio shack)and has done a better job of OHM testing than any DC multitester I have owned.I assume you could spend two or three times the money and get a better tester, butthis thing gets into some strange nasty places and performs its simple task every time. Battery life is amazing (I have changed the one AA one time since I have owned it; at least 10 years.) So you would expect the battery to last at least 5 years.The battery cover slides on, and is also attached with one screw. It has one .5 Amp 250V 3/4" fuse and a spare fuse holder in the battery compartment.
It is very dependable old-fashioned device. I'd like to have a couple of crocodiles with it and more ranges, but you always exactly know what is being measured.
These work entirely satisfactorily but like all these garden products they are designed to last for a couple of years and then corrode and become useless.
I am not happy that this is not made in the USA. The reason I purchased this was the description said that it is made in the USA. I will be contacting Amazon and Gilmour about this. This is false advertising. I suppose I should have read the reviews first and would have found this out. I have not used this so I cannot comment on the ability of this nozzel to function. I plan on sending this back.
I just received my order and these are not made in the USA they were made in CHINA... I ordered two each of the following nozzles 573, 573TF, and 593. They are all made in China. I contacted Gilmour and they said that all their nozzles are made in China now. I purchased these as gifts as I have one that everybody loves, but it was made in the USA. I try very hard to do my part and buy American.
good but not perfect. either slow spray or a strong gun. no middle mode. no leak. holds good in hand. looks sturdy.
This spray nozzle performs excellently with positive spray pattern control. The only negative I have to state is that the item illustration is misleading. My previous Gilmour nozzle was chrome plated and as you can see by the picture depicted, that is what you think you are ordering. Unfortunately what I received was a painted nozzle which makes it much more susceptible to scrapes and scratches. Why mislead customers with inaccurate pictorial information?
The product arrived quickly.  I use the box it came in to store the filters near my furnace.  So far they work well.  It was nice to order a dozen so I can order once a year.
I have an odd size and this is just what I needed!  Good price too!  This is the second time I have ordered
I've used all kinds of towing devices - straps with loops, chains, cables and etc., but this rope is the easiest and least likely to cause additional damage.  The hook ends make it easy to attach to your vehicle. (Loop it  around the frame and then hook the rope with the hook, don't just put the  metal hook through the frame.)  I have not used this on anything bigger  than a 1/2 ton pickup so I don't know the upper limit.  It is nice when you  start towing, the rope &quot;gives &amp; stretches&quot; where a chain just  &quot;hits and jerks.&quot;  this is alot easier on both vehicles.  I've  never tried dragging logs with it, I still use my old chain for that!
I've been using Liquid Wrench my whole life and it has always been a great product. This one is no exception.
This product "Liquid Wrench" has failed me on all of the occasions I have used it. I very liberally soaked metal screws that were stuck and rusted against other pieces of iron and NOTHING let go. I am to say the least VERY disipointed with this product. I alway's say...."If it dosen't work.... you should have gotten something else !" I certainly wish I had...... Louie Orduna
Hard to find in liquid form, usually find the sprays(hard to get into tight areas).  The old faithful works every time.
Works as advertised.I bought the manual one because my mechanic said that they worked better on closed cell batteries.
I bought one at the auto parts store. I found this web listing while looking for the company to complain to them. I test my car's anti-freeze and thought I was good to go. I then rinsed it if clean fresh water in the sink and guess what I learned, my tap water is good to -40*F. This thing will give a 5 ball rating to any thing you test it on.
listing said made in USA but it is made in china. I can get the same quality for cheaper. I
PROs:  It fits, it worksCONs:  Difficult to thread ends into the bar, difficult to adjust .I should have purchased a ratchet bar.
On full-size truck, F150 2013 the bar has is extended all the way. where they meet is so flimsy it bends with the slightest pressure. It would be smart to not make them one-size fits all. Not every-one has a Ford Ranger, which they no longer produce. It fits perfect in my wife's Ranger. narrower bed.
Works even with my bedliner.  Stays put and keeps all my stuff secure. Don't hesitate, don't wait, just buy it!
I bought this to keep camping supplies from sliding around and rolling around in the back of the truck. It works as expected. It hasn't rusted and its been in the rain several times. It works very well. Great price and fast shipping from amazon
This has been in the back of my service truck for over a year now and it's working fine. I did end up mildly stripping out one of the ends but it still holds stuff where I need it to be.
It does what its suppose to. Nicely constructed. Takes a little work to get the exact length you need but if that doesn't change often, then set it and forget it.
I have used these bars for about 15 years. Tried others that weren't  as  good.  Glad to see the quality is still there.
Great product. It is what I have been looking for a while now. Easy to assemble and very affordable. No problems so far.
Was a little nervous about any sort of ratcheting bar on my composite bed (2012 tacoma).  So I went with the &#34;infinitely adjustable&#34; version instead.  It works perfectly, I purchased two so I could lay my fishing poles on top without the chance of them getting crushed by cargo underneath.  Seems like a solid product that will last awhile, especially since I have a tonneau to keep it out of the weather.
I like this truck bar and use it often. It's good quality. I would recommend this as a good buy.It's well made and works as it should.
This device arrived on schedule and was extremely easy to assemble, really didn't need instructions and it worked better than I expected.
Have ceiling lights in the garage 14 feet high which are standard 100 watt bulbs and the telescopic bar worled well in changing the lights.
Everything is right about this product. It works as expected, I would highly recommend this to anyone. It can be six feet or as small as 4 feet.
I gave this 1 star because it would not let me do otherwise...I cannot rate this item because the box had been opened prior to my receiving it.  Someone had tried to put it together but tried to put the big end into the small end.  It stripped the threads.I was really surprised that this item was sold again after the damage.  I returned it and got a full refund.  Please, please do not sell damaged goods to loyal customers.  You will lose them quickly that way.
Item works well to keep cargo from sliding.  Sturdy and easy to install. I would recommend this bar to anyone.
We already have a few, but ordered more for use here on the ranch and as gifts.. We use our truck heavily and have a lot in the bed that needs to be kept in place.  Thanks, we love them.
I have had the ratchet type and this type before and like this simple design better. It is easy to tighten and holds anything in place.
Screw pad to approximate length after setting pin on tube to app. length.  The  a simple twist of the tube will give correct tension.  To move it will just take another twist to unloosen and another to tighten.  Perfect for simple holding of items.
I have an original Keeper Cargo Bar that i got years ago.The change on this that i've noticed is both ends screw in,not just 1 end.Also has a double-headed clip pin in the small tube to fit in 1 section of the 9 holes on the large tube.Has better rubber grip ends,thicker.Instructions are on the box that it came in,if you need to look at them.Brass end goes into the small tube and the silver end goes into the large tube.I like this and highly recommend it and it was a breeze to put together.
I have used the Keeper 05056 Adjustable Cargo Bar for a few months now. It holds my cargo bins in place and is easy to use.Works great - much better than the ratcheting type.
These seem solid enough and they work well for the application I bought them for.  My only concern is that the screw ends &#34;seem&#34; to be a bit flimsy.  I say &#34;seem&#34; because in practice they have been rock solid and they work well.  I say they &#34;seem&#34; flimsy because they don't come straight out of the bar ends but they come out at a slight angle.  Even so... So far so good.  They have been working like a champ since I bought them.  You cant beat them for the price.
I purchased a ratchet type keeper a few years ago and it is difficult to get tight so I finally decided to try this one and it works great. You simply pull the bar out to where it almost touches the truck bed walls and then twist\rotate the bar CCW until it is as tight as you want it. I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because I see one design flaw. They should have placed a visible indicator such as a line where the rough adjusting expansion is so as you extend the bar you can easily see where the clips on the bar are to properly align in the holes.
works just as described!  adjusts to width of bed and metal bar keeps cargo from sliding.  However, rubber tips sometimes shift if used in bed not protected from elements (had one end shift due to expansion/contraction of 100 degree heat--no camper shell or tonneau cover).
The threads on one side of the bar are all messed up and I can't screw the rubber part in. Very poor quality control on such a simple item. Unusable. No excuse for this sloppiness. Not worth shipping back so I get to eat the cost on this purchase.
Had a ratchet-type cargo bar from  an Amazon vendor, but lost it.  Came back intending to buy the same bar again.  However, after reading the reviews re. pros and cons of  ratchet vs. screw-type, I opted for the screw.  Having used it for a while now, I agree with the reviewers who recommended the screw-type.  The ratchet was bulkier, heavier and tended to pinch my fingers while making adjustments.  Otherwise, it worked fine.
Perfect fit.  Arrived quickly faster than expected.  It's a very simple wrench, but essential for the type of filters I needed it for.
This installs easily on the Rigid vacuum exhaust port, but that's about the only good thing about it.  It is just a tube with a loose mesh at the end of it.  I could not detect any difference in volume of the vacuum whether this thing was installed or not.  It's a good idea, but really doesn't work too well.
This not only helps to make the sound quieter but it helps so that the machine doesn't blow air all over from the back of the machine!  It is a great addition for very little money.  We were super excited to get it as a gift off our wish list.
Worth buying to prevent the massive exhaust from blowing your house apart.  This really tames to exhaust flow by directing it in a 360 degree pattern, and also diffusing it with some very porous foam.  Vacuum performance is not hindered.It's not really a "muffler" as the noise level did not change for me, but controlling the massive amount of exhaust was my reason for buying.  It should really come with the vacuum, but since it doesn't, it's a no brainer purchase.
If you are looking for sound reduction you are looking in the wrong place. If you want to limit how far your canister vac can blow exhaust, this is what you need. It can be easily installed or removed and eliminates all forceful exhaust.
I was surprised to see that this 'muffler' received 4 stars. When I read the reviews, praise was given not because it muffles sound, but because it diffuses the rather powerful exhaust. Indeed, this muffler does almost nothing to quiet the jet engine-like noise of my Ridgid vacs. (I bought two of them, but I was in a rush and got them locally.)When we are working on a job site, there often is lots of dust. Imagine turning on your vac and having the exhaust blow dust all over the place. Not only does this create an environment that is hard to breathe in, it also spreads the dust over an even greater area. As other reviewers describe, this 'muffler' -- oh, why not just call it 'air-diffuser' -- redirects the exhaust from straight-out-the-back to a circle. This greatly reduces the force of the air.It is true that the sound of air exiting the vac makes less noise with than without the muffler, but the difference is too small to spend any money on. So in terms of living up to its name, I give it one star.
This is definitely not a noise muffler. It's not a silencer either. It does change the airflow from straight out in one direction at your knees to many directions that include your face. By redirecting the air it just makes more it unpredictable. I bought this for our new Ridgid WD1680, which Amazon doesn't sell. The big box store I bought it from noted it was 10/10 in loudness so I got this to go with it. Used in a garage, the vac is surprisingly quiet. It seems our Hoover upright is much louder. I measured the Ridgid as-is at 83dB. With the 'muffler' on, it was 83dB. There was a difference in noise but not any more pleasant. I figure it's also just another thing that can get clogged and weaken the suction so I'm going to return it. The WD1680 also works as a removeable blower. In that configuration it blew everything around much worse than the unmuffled exhaust port, even though it was the same port with just a tube attachment. So bottom line is that this is useless.
This product being advertised as a 'muffler' is misleading. I observed no difference in sound level.  I just completed my test.  It is being returned.  An effective way to reduce the noise level and redirect the exhaust is to put a second hose on the exhaust side of the vac.  This is a viable option for my use, since I will keep it in a semi-permanent location in my workshop and reducing noise was my primary objective.
I didn't need exhaust dispersion.  If I did I would have tried to find an exhaust dispersion device (To my knowledge none exist).  I wanted a muffler.  This doesn't muffle. I took it back.  The EndPS This site won't allow my 'zero star' rating.
Thought I was looking for a filter, but turned out it was a missing muffler on a friends wet dry vacuum.  DId the job and returned to my friend with added bonus because she didn't know it was missing.
The listing for this muffler doesn't say what size hose it fits.  There are three sizes.  When I received it I realized it didn't fit my vacuum.
This little contraption works like magic for reducing the irritable air flow that comes out of the blower port of most shopvac.  The name is rather misleading as it wasn't designed nor does it do any thing for noise reduction.
I bought this item for the Rigid shop vac with detachable blower(basically the same unit as the Sears Craftsman version).  It makes a noticable difference in reducing the FREQUENCY of the sound, thus eliminating the higher pitched whine that you get without the unit.  Although I can't say for sure that it makes the overall sound quieter( I don't have a dB meter), it certainly makes it seem quieter and MUCH more bearable.  You do have to watch where you point it though because it will shoot a blast of air in that direction (although this is by design, it is the blower port after all.  Also it not fully inserted, it my be shot out by the rush of air when you first turn it on.  Worth the money!
This is the only tool I've bought refurbished through [...]. It has worked perfectly - just the way you would expect any DeWalt to work. No problems at all.
Have now had this for over 4 years and it still works great. It is used for personal use, not commercial.
I have used this generator since the late 90's.  It has taken me through 3 hurricanes when I lost power for 3 days on one, then loaned to to a friend who used it for 2 weeks before his family got power back.  It is strong and handles motor starts like for my central air conditioner.  Keeps my water flowing from my well. I have overloaded it and the breaker flips before damaging he generator.  Much safer and better than gas.  Right now as I write, after a storm 7 hours ago that took out the power, I am sitting here cool from the air, watching TV and working in the light on my computer after fixing a hot meal for dinner.  What more could you want?  I know my neighbors want one.
Even with its 17 inch width, the difference between this and other standard roller shades was minimal. I bought this thinking that it will cover most of the side window in my minivan, but it did not. Thinking I can tip it side ways, the roller was too long for the height of the window. I would have been better off buying two standard size ones and use them together.
These shades do not work well in our SUV.  Luckily the windows are already tinted so the sun does not get in our daughter's eyes.  The Amer. Acad. of Ped. does not suggest using these since they can fly off and hurt your baby.  If you have to use them, use the kind that you can apply directly to the window (like a sticker, but it is removable).
What a horrible product.  The clips that attach to the top of the window are a fine idea, however they are completely worthless for windows that have any curve (and I believe almost all vehicles have curved windows in the rear seats).  Because of this problem, we closed the window and the thing totally bent in half, making it useless when trying to roll the shade down.  It's cheaply made and even with the window closed completely, the clips allow air to blow into the vehicle (so it's obviously not a great choice for winter when snow-glare makes shades necessary).  I would recommend the white hot sun shades by Munchkin instead.  Even though they use suction cups instead of clips, I'm very impressed with them.
Up here in the Cupertino mountains, this generator is the most popular solution for backup home power. You really don't have any other choice in this category - 9KW, propane compatible, and under $2K. Winco's canvas cover, auto-solenoid gas shutoff &amp; line voltage monitor are all worthwhile accessories. Noise is good for a standalone generator, but quiet it's not. Runs our 5K-sq. foot house nicely, networked computers and all - just lay off the electric stove.
I've had this generator for about 10 years and it has never failed.  It is tri-fuel but I've only used gasoline to date. Usage has been during power outages only and it runs my whole house with lights, TV, computers, microwave, well pump, heater (oil hot water) and air conditioning.  Only thing bad I can say about it is the price and the small gas tank.  I get about 6.5 hours run time on a tank but still I would recommend it for someone who wants something built to last.
Press this gadget into the fill hole in the sprocket gear and pump a few times. When you see clean grease oozing out around the chain you are done. This comes pre-filled with grease and when it runs dry you can fill it yourself. I toss it into the box I tote my chainsaw in and it's one less thing to worry about.
I stuck the end into the hole on my Husky 435 16-inch bar and pressed hard.  Repeated the procedure on the other side and it worked.  So, I'm good to go.
This product is a god send.. A must have in every saw box. It has enough grease to last for many years.
A great device from Oregon chanisaw. Amazing high-precision grease gun/injector that is made in Germany. Very easy to use; just stick the tip into the little hole near the nose of the chain bar (the one you didn't know was there) and give it a few pumps. You will see grease squirt out all over the nose of the bar and the little hidden wheel and the bar will be very well lubricated. This inexpensive tool does an really great, and important, job.
It will work if you pump it long enough and just the right way...and if you keep removing the cap and pushing down the plunger inside the unit...but others I've used are about as bad. Messy...don't wear your church clothes.Still waiting for someone to make a nice one.
What can I say, it is a quick and easy way to keep my chain saw running like new. Inexpensive and easy to use.
Good grease and the dispenser works well. Just what I needed for my saws.
Easy to use.  Works well for the occasional chainsaw user.  Being small, it fits easily in the chainsaw case with the saw.  Well built and sturdy.  Tip engages securely with grease port on the saw bar.
Makes squeezing grease into the teeny tiny hole on the bar easy as pie.  A few bucks well-spent.  Love it!
What a good idea for lubing a bar! Works great and should last a long time. A very small investment to protect my saw.
Does exactly what it's supposed to do.  Just had to prime it against the workbench for about 10 pumps in order to get the grease flowing.
this works good with the new bar I had installed earlier. Small enough to carry along to the tember. Thanks
Works well and will keep you from burning out the tip sprocket of your chain saw bar.Using this grease you will see the chain rotates much better on the bar and more power goes to CUTTING WOOD instead of MOVING THE CHAIN ON THE BAR.Over-all a great addition to your saw kit.
Works well.  Needs to be kept protected from minor impacts as it is made by gluing two pieces of plastic together.  Rather easy to break with a minor side impact.  Other than that, it is great.
Works well enough. Got to keep it perfectly perpendicular to the bar and apply steady pressure to ensure the grease doesn't pop out of the hole when applying.
I had no idea there was a need for such an item. I found that it works well. It took a few pumps to get started but does the job as stated.
This is very convenient for lubricating a chain saw. I saw a recommendation in comments someplace, and it was a valuable tip to me.
This grease will last quite some time.  Keep it in a Ziplock baggie for safekeeping in your tool case or pocket.  Easy to use, just press the tip into the hole at the end of the saw's bar until a bit of the blue grease squirts out, then tug the chain a bit to get it lubed a bit more, flip the bar over and do the same to the other hole on the opposite side.  Definitely saves on bar wear and the capacity should serve for quite some time.
This thing is small to where it is very easy to use. I greased all three of my saws in a couple of minutes. It is easy to refill and works great. What more can I say!
Every homeowner that has a chainsaw should get one of these grease guns to grease the sprocket at that end of the chain saw it makes the bar last twice as long and it is very easy to use  I have two saws and I keep at least two of these grease guns in stock ready to use. Thank you Amazon!!
Worked with 8hp wood chipper.
What can I say, it is a small filter for a 2 stroke HF generator. I would add, this little, cheap generator has outlasted and out performed my B&S.
I love to keep my tools and equipment top notch, and despite plenty options in the market I would always prefer B&S stuff for my B&S engine ..  I mean buying B&S it's a secure way to keep it all your equipment top shape, quality it's awesome, price it's right, shipping was fast, fitment it's perfect.
After inheriting a 20 year old Craftsman Lawn Tractor with my new house, I was quickly frustrated by a bad case of vapor lock.  I rebuilt the carburetor and replaced the filter according to Sears recommended parts... no luck.  It turns out many Briggs & Stratton replacement filters are incorrectly listed with 30-60 micron filters.Since adding this filter, my lawn tractor has run wonderfully without any vapor lock issues.  As another review mentions, I'm docking a star because of the hose clamps shown in the image that aren't included.
Added this to a generac generator that didn't have a filter. The unit still works and it has additional protection..
It's a fuel filter, and you need to repace these sparringly, but if you don't you could be causing issues.
I had lots of dirt get through this "filter", its a  waste of money. Go buy a good one, you'll save in the long run...
This is an exact Briggs & Stratton Fuel Filter 150 Micron 5018K. It was easy to install and at the right price. I like to price-shop, and Amazon.com had it at the lowest price, so it was a no-brainer to purchase it from Amazon.com.
I have a 1998 Snapper mower, my problems started when my old fuel filter got plugged up, I went to the local snapper dealership.  The new 50 micron filters kept running out of fuel.  I checked the manual finally the book calls for a 75 micron fuel filter, the local store only sold 50 micron fuel filters.  All the new mowers have electric fuel pumps, the 50 micron filter is great, doesn't work for my gravity fed system.  Well I did order a 75 micron fuel filter off of Amazon, my fuel filter would run out of fuel when I had a half a tank, because there wasn't enough pressure in the tank to keep my gravity fed system full.  I finally ordered this 150 micron filter, no more problems.  We mowed all weekend long.  I will be ordering several more of these to keep on hand for my future needs.
It's a gas line filter. It fits just like an OEM ... 'cause it's an OEM part! Bwah ha ha. Anyhow, it's the sort of thing one should replace every few years (or more if you mow a lot - ie, pour a lot of gasoline through the tank). Don't forget theBriggs & Stratton 5062K Spark Plug Platinum-- we have a twin -- andOregon 30-104 Paper Air Filter For Briggs & Stratton 394019, 394019S, 398825, 4136every year while you're at it. Yeah, sure they can last longer with cleaning / re-gapping / etc. but if you've got the money and you're already in there for Spring cleaning and oil-changing ... why not. BTW, it's better to change the oil in the Fall just before stowing your rider IMHO so your rider spends the winter sitting in nice clean oil.Caveat: the links listed are for our trusty old 1996-vintage Murray 46 Lawn Tractor. Your part numbers might be different. Use the search feature to find your parts. Hey, that thing's almost as old as my great 1992 Honda Accord LX Wagon. And both have been just as wonderfully reliable. Thank you, Jesus! :-)
So happy i got this carburetor kit, now my old engine run like new. this kit is same as original that came with the engine. all you do just take out the old one and replace it with this one.....thank you
A well made well designed product. Using this to power a coleman 12/3 50' cord between the marina dock outlet and my boat.  Nice that it is 1. lighted, 2. weatherproof 3. has 2 additional outlets that have sealed covers to keep the weather out.  My dock neighbor can plug his cord into this so I am not being a outlet hog.  AAAA+++
simple and sweet. there really isn't any need to buy larger and more expensive cables unless you are charging car batteries for a living. These are great, I've used them about 3 times already and they're good as new.
There are plenty of more expensive jump cables out there.It saw its first action.  I helped a neighbor jump start his car; my Mazda 5 to his Sienna.  No problem.
Really glad I decided on this product, excellent brand, price and provides peace of mind having it in my car in times of, well, you know we've all had to get a jump start at one time or another.  I highly recommend these booster cables.
Bought sets for everyones car!~ Then I bought the boss bag to keep them in. You never need jumper cables if they're in your car!~
I haven't used this yet, but it looks like a nice, inexpensive, lightweight set of jumper cables.  These will live inside the spare tire in the back of my car, for emergency use only.  It's exactly what I wanted.
Excellent light-weight booster cables. Had the experience previously of needing to stop many cars to find someone with booster cables if my car lost battery power (battery was in process of 'dying' and needing replacement). Didn't like feeling unsafe and without resources. These fit nicely in the trunk and are easy to use.
Pretty sturdy cables, gets the job done. Luckily, I don't have to jump my battery a lot, so I only got light-duty cables.
Nothing to complain about, arrived on time, great packaging.Have not tried it but I will come back in case anything does not work.
I can't quite explain how this happened, but I went to jump my girlfriend's Nissan, and when I looked up from the engine, the car had turned into a 1986 Ferrari Testarossa like the one from Magnum, PI. Amazing!
Never had a problem using these cables to jump start my car.  Included a nice and easy how to guide for those who might not know there way around car jumping procedures.
Good price, vary fast shipment, product as exactly described, not a cheap cable.I am more than satisfied and would recommend anyone to purchase
These cables are lighter than I expected, but seem to do the job.  I had one opportunity to use them and they worked just fine.  I just wonder how they will hold up over time.
Works great and at a great price!!Works great and at a great price!!Works great and at a great price!!Works great and at a great price!!yes
It was much lighter and cheaper than I expected, but it has done its job several times now.  I don't expect it to last forever, but I needed one in a pinch and this works just fine.
The are good jumper cables. I bought them and did not use them for a while; I just stored them in a bag in my Jeep for future use. I was at work and a coworkers car was dead so I pulled them out for the first time and connected the cables; her vehicle started right up. These are definitely light duty and they feel it (super light weight).
I read the other reviews when I purchased these, and decided that I didn't need hardcore heavy duty cables for my little Protege.  When my battery died, they fired up my car on the first try.Two weeks later we tried to jump a V8 jeep with these cables and it took about ten minutes of letting the cars sit together before the jeep would start.  I don't know the exact physics of this (whether it was the cable or the battery), but when the jeep died again we had better luck with a more intense set of cables.Since the jeep isn't mine, I'm quite happy with this purchase.  They're cheap and they'll get my car started in emergencies.Got the job done.
Very strong, very long.Have charged many batteries for others, they hold the line charge and clamp on just great.Perfect if your not close to other battery to charge, they give you more length then other cables
Bought this to help out others who might needs jumper cables. Haven't had the chance to use them yet but them seem like very good quality.
Haven't used them yet, but they seem to be of good quality and the instruction will probably come in handy at some point.
Luckily haven't had to use them yet, but bought as everyone should have a pair in their trunk for emergency situations.  Seem to be of good quality.  I don't think you can really go wrong with this purchase.  My husband seems happy to have them.
These battery cables are a great value! Some reviews criticized them for being so light but that is exactly what the description says..."light duty". For those applications these are certainly lighter and more flexible than the much heavier gauge would be and when you don't need the heavy ones why subject yourself to the hassle? They are well made and because the two wires are molded together you don't have the tangle problem that you have with separate cables. I actually bought them because I needed a 10 foot heavy 12volt cable to connect a power winch and these were much cheaper than buying bulk wire!
Product is great, arrived in nice packing and brand new condition. Useful and i would recommend this product to my friend.
Well made cable and good material. Better if the handle is larger to cover the copper wire. A good cable to own
I bought this to assemble my own car emergency kit. It's the only item with the length and gauge I wanted. Quality control is not great, since 2 of the clamps were missing the glow in the dark "Polarity labels", but other than that it does what it's supposed to do. No complaints.
nice
For the price of this product, you can't go wrong if you need to jump start your car in a hurry or emergency.  My car battery dies often and in the last 3 weeks we've had to jump it 4 times. This does the job.  The cable is a little short so you just need to make sure the cars can be relatively close together.
I purchased these for my gf car; just in case. They were delivered quickly and are of high quality. I would recommend.
I ordered these for emergency purposes in my 3rd car.  The cable is fine, but the clamps on each end are flimsy and I am not sure how well they will clamp to a side terminal battery, if at all.  Since my Toyota used top terminals I decided to keep them and hope if I ever need a jump, they will also have top terminals available.  Checked Walmart website after buying and they have similarly priced items, so consider looking at brick and mortar before purchasing these "name brand" cables.
i was not for sure when i purchased this but when i got it i was more than pleased. fast delivery well packaged and right on in the discription
Although they work fine, they aren't as high guage wire as I would have thought, probably not for heavy duty usage.
good sturdy set of cables for the car, have held up well for a few years now of light use
It is made by Coleman.  They are a major cable manufacturer.  It does the job too.  I am happy with my selection and I do recommend it to others.
This was bought for my eighteen year old sons first truck.  I have learned that purchasing the appropriate gauge is important, very pleased.
very bare bones but fully functional jumper cables to throw in the trunk of your car.  lacks the fancy safety heavy coverings on the grips you will find in much higher priced versions.  if you know what you are doing and understand the protocol for safely jump starting a vehicle, don't spend the extra money on a heavier set, this set will serve you just fine.
It is nice to have cables that are long enough that you don't have to have both cars on top of each other to use them.  Decent quality.
These booster cables are 12-feet and appear identical to the product image.  But there are no Glo-in-the-dark polarity indicators.  Clamp connectors are of good quality.
this item was not the same item as picture there are no glow positive and negative tabs on clamps like it is pictured and the teeth on clamps are not the same as picture not so happy
Would be better with wide mouth clamps. Its an ok design for a small car battery, but could be much better.
Bought this as a precaution before heading off to a music festival and I needed it right away when my friends battery died from playing music all day. The next morning we hooked it up and her car started right up! So do the world a favor and throw a set of these in your trunk...you never know when one of those cute hula hooping girls is going to need a jump :D
Works just as jumper cables do but I did think the price was a bit high. Other than that, Coleman is a great brand and the quality is great, you don't want to be stranded somewhere with no-name brand and have something short out.
im not the type to criticize people things that they put hard work into,but consumers should get valve for their money,this cable look good ,work good,but the red clamp just fell off ,when i examine it the connection just barely hitch on,this after 3 uses i tried to fix it but it were hard because the clip to hold down the cable to the clamp dont have any sturdy clip to hold it,to make it work i have to use a hammer to flattten a loop that the cable go thru to have any use but it seem it wont last very long,to the people who sell this look what u r sending to consumers properly.i paid $20 to ship it.
Long enough to do the job, thick enough to release the charge, and I like the yellow color.
Bought these to leave in the car for emergencies.  Haven't had to use them.  They seem well made.
Great seller with a good product. Cable is heavy duty and the shipping was very fast.
The Coleman jumper cables are great - good quality material. Five stars.I'm posting this review specifically to remind other potential buyers to review the "Cable Type Selection Guide" (which is featured in one of the product photos). Don't make a dumb mistake like me and buy 8-gauge cables for your full size pickup truck. I am giving these 8-gauge cables to my wife for her sedan and buying Coleman 4-gauge for my vehicle...
Haven't had a need to use it yet - but it's built well with solid connections.
Ordered for daughter as she just bought a car prior to Christmas. She hasn't used it yet but as parents we're glad she has it with her if ever needed. Glad that it is 12 feet - didn't think she would need anything longer. AND, Dad is happy with it too.
This cable works great.  It's a great buy for the money.  I would recomend anyone to buy this product.
They're serious when they say cables; this set consists of two separate jumper cables, one black and one red. This set seems entirely adequate for my occasional car; the cables roll into a small bundle, the clamps seem OK and the price is right. I have a better set of cables (longer, heavy gauge, better clamps) in my daily driver as I seem to find a use for them several times a year (Coleman Cable 08760 20-Feet Heavy-Duty Auto Battery Booster Cables with Parrot Jaw Clamps, 4-Gauge).
I have not actually used these yet. I purchased them after having had need of them and not having any. The clamps are tight and cord is a good length.  The only thing I don't like is that there is an opening under where you hold the clamps that has a bear wire on the other side. I am not sure if you would be able to touch it through the very small slit but it is something that I have kept in my mind.  Over  all pretty good quality. Not the kind you would use everyday.
After accidentally including my last set of jumper cables with the sale of my last car, I was in need of new ones!These are long and heavy duty - probably overkill for my 1.4L engine, but if you needed to jump a truck, they would be great.  The whole assembly is well put together, with good, solid connections from the handles to the cables.  They have worked great on a hybrid Highlander and Chrysler 300 (co-worker left the dome light on in the company car...).If you don't have a lot of space though, skip this set since they are not small.
Nicely made. Heavy. I know cables and these are worth cost and I wouldn't want anything less than these. I know these will last for 10 years.
I'd return this if I had the time, but I don't. This is NOT a Coleman cable. Totally disappointed with the false advertisement.
Having a vehicle equipped with several tools may look like superstitions or like a Lady Luck sticker on the back of the car, but sometimes not. There's always a friend who needs some help to get its car started and these cables are welcome.
Have not had to use them yet, but these just seem too light in weight.  Are they made of aluminum wire as opposed to copper?  Don't know.  Not the heft of other heavy-duty jumper cables.  Once they're put to the test, I'll report back.
Cables are high quality.  They are thick and appear to be able to provide the juice when in need.  Haven't had to use yet, but I'm confident they will allow me to jump car.
Expected better quality from coleman cable.  they will work but I'm sure I'll be repairing them in the near future.
Do not waste your money on another product unless it is 6 gauge,copper wire and 16 feet.  these features are necessary and you will be happy for years to come.
Great quality! It's heavy item and the manufacturing  materials can stand the tear and wear on the road.  I have used it quite a few times
These are good quality, but I should have bought a longer set.  If your vehicle is pulled in where another vehicle can't pull beside it, the cables must stretch the length of the vehicle plus the battery set-back of the boosting vehicle.  Measure before you buy.
Not that they are bad cables because they are clearly better than a LOT of other cables and for this price it really is a good buy.
These are good quality for a reasonable price.  At 16' they do take up a bit of room, but I would not buy shorter cables.  They are very flexible and the handles are comfortable to use and have easy-to-use connection points for old or newer vehicles.If you are considering buying shorter cables and have a newer vehicle, first make a note of where your battery connection points are located at and determine if a shorter cable would really work for you. Many newer vehicles (especially trucks and SUV's) are putting the battery in strange places and the recommended connection points are located apart from the battery, sometimes in a location that requires a longer cable.  And, even if your car has the terminals right up front, the nice person offering you a jump start might not!
Don't by a cheaper/ shorter pair and think to your self" I wont be using them much so ill go cheaper" You get what you pay for and don't want anything to fail when you need it most. These are built to last a long time with many uses.
Coleman makes pretty good cables. I bought these because everyone should have jumpers in their car. My car luckily died twice at home, but next time I might not be as lucky. These will revamp your car quick. Its a decent guage too.
Great booster cables. I'm not sure if a truck or SUV really needs cables with a heavier gauge, but they worked for me. No excuse for any trunk not to have their own booster cables.
Seem like good quality, hopefully I never have to use them.  Pretty much what i expected.  Would be nice if they came with a little carrying/storage bag.
These cable are substantial and a good length.  I would recommend them and found it easier to buy on line than shop for a good cable in the stores.
These are well-made and manufactured in USA!!  There is not much to say about jumper cables, but some of the ones you see at automotive parts stores are pretty flimsy and the conductors look like they are significantly smaller than the gauge marked on the packages.  These 6-gauge are suitable for cars with medium size batteries such as compacts or older models.  For a new sophisticated car with lots of electronics and a big battery (BMW, Lexus, Mercedes, etc.), I suggest 4-gauge cables instead.
These jumper cables have great clips, excellent coating, and nice size wire for good transfer of power. Very reliable! Very durable!
The gift recipient indicated that these are high quality cables that should last a very long time.  The price is right and every auto should have a set.
I am very happy with the service and the product was just what I was looking for.
You sold this to me as a add-on to the bike rack hitch I bought and after opening the package I found out that it will not work to lock the bike rack hitch on to my car. Now the package is open and I can not return it. You need to take it off the also bought this item list with the bike rack. It will lock a regular ball hitck to the car.
This is cool and easy to use. No worries if in hotel parking lot overnight. Remember to put the keys on your key ring before you begin your travels.
I've had the lock for over a week now and it's been working well and no rust yet.
Amazon recommended this as part of my order of the swagman bike carrier.  I did not read the reviews from other people before I bought this lock for the carrier. It will not fit at all with the swagman.  As I write this, Amazon still has not removed it from its recommeded list for this bike carrier.  Do not add it if you plan to buy this carrier which by the way, wonderfull bike rack for my truck.
Two cool features on this lock. The plastic cap that keeps the muck out, and the fact that there are two keys (in case of loss). This is a straightforward, well-priced item.
I bought this back in July 2008.  I went to take it off in Aug 2009 and it was so corroded and rusted the lock was frozen in place.  I had to have it cut off at a welding shop.  I would avoid this lock!
I got this lock in 2007 and it's still working great in 2014!  I haven't had any issue with rust as some other reviews, because I only use it  when required and keep it in storage inside my van.
The lock itself is good but the quality of the metal is definitely not. It began to rust almost immediately and now the entire lock is covered in rust and looks horrible. Better off getting a different one.
This lock (Master Lock 375DAT Class III/IV Snap-On Receiver Hitch Lock with 5/8-Inch Pin) is not compatible with Swagman XC Cross-Country 2-Bike Hitch Mount Rack (2-Inch Receiver) although Amazon is still putting them as a package. So, check it before you buy it.
This little bar will keep your load secure. It ensures no one just pulls what ever you are hauling out of your hitch. Very handy if you are traveling over iChat and stop to stay somewhere.
I searched through many hitch locks and felt this one was the best.  Easy to use, covering for the key hole, and it has the Masterlock brand behind it.  Bravo.  A great product.
The product fits the hitch just fine and has an excellent price point, unfortunately it rusts extremely quickly. In less than 3 weeks it was all spotty. After 3 months it is almost completely covered in rust, the worst part being that despite the rubber cap, the lock is rusted shut. We will have to cut off the lock and buy a better product, or cover the new one in some rust proofer.
After only 4 months, the lock part is rusted on the pin and I can't get it off. Also the key barely fit in the hole, even with the rubber piece protecting it from dirt and grime. The key is now stuck in the lock. Not that it matters, because I have to get the pin cut off anyways. I'd avoid this product.
Do not buy this pin with the combo offered on the bike rack. As I found out, to late, the pin offered by Amazon is the wrong pin and will not work. The bike rack manufacturer uses a specifically designed bolt style pin making this pin unusable. Wait until you get the bike rack and if you do not care for the pin supplied you can order a locking bolt pin from the internet or pick one up at u-haul or someplace else that deals in hitches.
Love this.  Only problem I had was a little surface rust.  Fixed it with 0000 steel wool and wd40. Would buy again.
This is a good working and well made hitch lock. It however does not fit my Swagman bicycle rack but was great for my trailer towing hitch.
Can these guys do any wrong?Only one I thought that was less than examplarary (in a total surprise because I think Eric Alexander is great)  was Love Letters.This has Tdross Avery's Alto on three cuts and it's much better match.This is one effort where MT strays from better known war horses and play's G.Washington's "Make Me A Memory",Dex's "Cheesecake" and "Carolinian Nights",Hancock's "Speak Like a Child" Jobims "A Felicidade" and even a nice Lionel Ritchie "Hello" as well as a few originals.Wish there was a 4.5 star setting as this does not equal my faves like "Alfie" but still these guys are becoming to 21st century what solid trios that Barron and Walton had in 80's and 90's.Expensive but worth the price.Chazz
Numbers are engraved but not printed.  Very, very difficult to read.  If you want something legible, spend the extra money and get the Starrett version.  Saving money is not worthwhile in this case.
Great drill gage. I really needed this for work. I am constantly checking tiny drill bits to verify what I have.
I bought this for a welder, so I don't use it myself, but according to him, it's better than what they have at work. He's very happy with it.
Being a model maker, I know I could have paid 2 or 3 times more for this item on a Model Maker's website.I ALWAYS check Amazon now. I'm glad I did.BTW, no paint in the counter-sunk lettering but it is clear enough to see when I'm using my glasses. I would be using them anyway if I was inserting drill bits. So, not a real issue.
I used this gage to test my new Irwin drill bit set and the holes matched up perfectly from the largest to the smallest.
The photo of the gage for this item is MISLEADING!!! I DID NOT GET THE ONE PICTURED. The gage Amazon sent me is NOT TEMPERED STEEL and THE LETTERS ARE NOT BLACK. The gage they sent me is VERY DIFFICULT TO READ! I would NOT have ordered this gage if the one they sent me had been pictured. I am VERY disappointed, and will probably be returning this item.
Sturdy but no very useful to home user due to hole size descriptions that do not match common home drill bit size descriptions, like 1/16 inch and 3/8 inch, etc.  Used for target practice and found something else I can read and relate to my drill bit sets.
Bought this to use in place of my air impact, which lacks the muscle I need to do some suspension work. Though I haven't done that work yet, a friend, who is a mechanic, borrowed it for some side work he was doing. He was so impressed with the torque and weight (lighter than others he's used) that he is now planning to purchase one.
This is a good product but I needed this to remove lug nuts to change tires on my car.  It didn't have to muscle. I need more torque.
While this has proven to be a quality product having seen regular use since I purchased it in 2006, it often fails to provide the power needed for simple tasks like removing lugs, especially if the shop was the last one to tighten them. It almost defeats the purpose. For most other small jobs it is sufficient. You may want to consider something with a little more power, but it will do if its all that fits the budget (as was my case).
Good product
Got in through the mail. Charged it for 24 hours before using it and the battery was completely dead. I know is not the charger because I can still charge my original battery. Can not return it because is not through Amazon and is a hazard.This is my first bad experience with Amazon.
Grandson was ridding the 4wheeler while here on vacation so everything was working
original parts
Works great. Holds good charge
Needed a second battery for my daughters powerwheel. This battery is identical to the one that came with the powerwheel I purchased. Shipped fast and in its original bubble wrapped package. The company sends a letter that tells you they receive these in bundles and before they ship them they test them. I would reccomend to order powerwheels parts from this company!
the battery looks just like the sited stated. receive battery in timely manner ,as stated. follow the directions.for charging. install the battery in my granddaughter jeep and she's back to riding. Thanks
My grandchildren have a couple battery operated toys which are used in the country.  The old batteries were worn out and they could only ride for a very short time.  Now they can ride several hours and love it..
When I received the product, it did not work as well as it should, but this company was great and issued a full refund. I know power wheel batteries are hit or miss. I would use this company again!!
This battery works as advertised. Just be sure you charge it after every use, and don't charge for more than 30 consecutive hours.
Obviously more than I wanted to spend for a replacement battery on an old car (especially when it's almost half of what a brand new car and battery might cost.)  However, it was received quickly and is really delivering the power.  Kid's are now enjoying their like new car again.  It also seems like this battery produces more power than the original ever did.
After buying this expensive battery, we only got to use it one time. We thought our charger was defective, and we waited to buy a new charger, because they are so expensive also. When we bought the new charger we tried to charge this,and nothing happened, so we contacted Amazon, and they next day aired a new charger to us. We tried, and again nothing. We then borrowed a battery from our neighbor, and found it was not the charger, but the battery itself. Our battery that came with theorem Wheels last more than five years, and this one never held a charge after day one. Rip off.
Worked great for my son's Harley Davidson motorcycle. Its just really heavy, don't drop it on your foot. It takes a while for it to charge.
We got this to replace the battery in our girl's Barbie Jeep that didn't hold a charge anymore. This battery goes forever before you have to charge it again!
I bought this battery because my grandson and his friends wanted to drive around in the &#34;wilderness&#34; longer than one battery lasted.  I might buy a third.
Battery was bought as a replacement of the old battery for my sons Power Wheels 4-Wheeler.  Old battery was slow, constantly needed recharging.  This works great! He has found a new love of his 4-wheeler again.  We were going to purchase a new Power Wheels altogether thinking he was bored with his and once the new battery came in and the 4-wheeler was running full speed again he has been riding it all the time again!  Perfect replacement battery if your is old, running slow, needing constant charging!
Still working, I used this product a lot, and works great, I liked the fact that it did not wear out fast.
Only took a couple of days to get here using the free shipping.  Seemed to have a full charge on them.  Grandkids used them all day and were still going that night.  Well satisfied with the product.
So far so good with this battery. We got this for a back up to our girls car. It charges well and lasts all day.
After five years the battery in my daughters' Barbie Jeep was showing its age and eventually failed to charge at all.  This battery is an OEM direct replacement and works as well as the original battery did five years ago.
I got a PowerWheels Jeep at a garage sale but it didn't have a battery.  I bought one of these and it worked for about three charges then it just died.  I thought I had probably charged it too much so I bought another one.  This time I was very careful to charge it for exactly the amount of time specified.  It lasted two charges.
It worked wonderful, just in time for my grandkids to use it when they came to visit from California.  They had 2 in the jeep at a time.
It works perfectly with our Fisher Price Power Wheels Jeep. Just look at your old battery or research and find the number to call and check what type of battery you will need. It's not that difficult people. These batteries are about $25 cheaper than the ones in our local Walmart. Great deal here if you know what you need.
This battery worked perfectly and so much cheaper then in stores!
After charging the battery twice, it lost it's charge.  My son received a ride on for Christmas and the first battery went out within 3 months and I had to buy him a replacement.  We followed all the directions on how to long charge it, etc. and still - dead.  Second one in 4 months.  It's too much money to keep replacing the battery so my son can ride the 4 wheeler with trailer.  Poor kid.
This is pretty cut and dry.  It worked like a new battery of its type should. Plugged it right up into the car, let it charge for the recommended time and it ran like a champ and still does.
Good transaction.  The battery for the powerwheels jeep arrived in the time allotted.  Thanks.
Followed the instructions on charging the batteries; but, the batteries never seem to last longer than 45 minutes before the kids have to start pushing the vehicle to make it move.
Not sure what the other reviewers did wrong, this one worked perfectly after the first charge and continues to perform.
I got this battery to replace an old 1 my son was very happy when it was delivered. Now his powerwheels has all the power it use to.
works good, great price, hard to fine in store glad i found here. very good will be buying another othe grandkidsne for another car for
Very sad that I spent this kind of money on this and it only charged twice and now won't charge at all.I'm done with Power Wheels toys
Works great!
Got this coz the old one died after years of use(it's a hand me down) Now with new battery the bike works like new
The very same thing that's in stores and you will not pay a arm and a leg for it. Yes
When you initially get it you have to let it charge for something like 18 hours, but after that it doesn't take as long.  Just commenting on that because I didn't expect that when I ordered.  Otherwise work well.
After reading some of the other reviews here I felt like this buy was risky.As it turns out, these are lead-acid batteries, which means it's the same ancient technology you have in your car: it's been around for ever and it works fine. it's not the best in terms of energetic value but these are reliable. The other reviewers who had units initially working fine but that subsequently were not holding charge must have burnt the batteries by letting them plugged in a whole week or something like that.BEWARE: only charge them for fourteen (14) to eighteen (18) hours max. Going further will reduce the chemical ability for the battery to retain energy, maybe to the point that it becomes non operational. I can see a whole week charge doing that.So all in all, I am extremely happy with this unit, it is a legit Fisher Price Power Wheels unit, not some kind of cheap knock off, it does the job just fine as long as you use them appropriately.
Original equipment battery that meets/exceed original equipment specifications and met my needs very well. Would recommend this product - price is very comparable to purchasing at Walmart.
This battery works great in the barbie dream jeep.The only problem I can find is that I wish I could leave the thing on the charger forever and that it was smart enough to shut itself off.  I took off a star for this.The product works as well as the original.Too bad the kid isn't the same.  She played with the car for like a total of 1 hour since we got the battery 6 months ago.  If I had known I was basically throwing money away, I would have spent the cash on a huge plate of nachos with cheese and invited all the neighbors over.  Because let's face it: nobody has seen a plate of nachos that cost the same as an expensive battery.  Everyone would have remembered the awesomeness that was on display.  Instead we have a toy car that's taking up space in the backyard with a battery that will probably be completely dead in another year.If you decide to replace the battery in a kids car, you need to make sure the kid signs a contract stating they will play with the car for a minimum of 20 minutes, 3 times a week, for a year.  Nothing less should be tolerated.
Bought this is as replacement for the original battery from the power wheels. It works well like the day I bought it.
The first battery we had for the Power Wheels was fantastic, it lasted for almost a year.  BUT this one didn't last for one day and now, even after a full charge, it will only power the ride for less than 10'.  Can I return it?  Can I afford the shipping charge in order to return it?  Fisher-Price should be a better company than this.
this battery only took 2 charges then completely died and would not take a charge. will sell vehicle before i spring for yet another battery. this is not the only place I've bought this battery. It's just junk!
After reading several bad reviews on these replacement batteries, i decided to try it for myself. I wasted money on 2 batteries before i called fisher price. Turned out, it WASN'T THE BATTERY....IT WAS THE CHARGER! They mailed me a charger, and things have been running fine ever since. When you buy a battery it is already precharged, so it will work for a few hours and then progressively get worse and die within a few days. It is probably the charger. Try a new charger first!!!!!
Charged the battery the amount specified on the box, and works like a charm. Was skeptical from the other reviews, but has worked fine for me.
it is every thing we wanted for grand daughter thank you so much for letting us get it cheaper then what we would pay in the store we can not give her a lot, but we can afford it from amazon thank you. Bea  & Rick Winters
Perfect!  Works great!  Very happy child!  Best part, I ordered on a Friday and it was at my house the following Monday!!!  So that made for a very happy mom because we all know how hard it can be to see your child anxiously awaiting a shipment to arrive. ;)
The old battery have been working for about 9 years. It died finally. I couldn't complain. This new one i bought works like a charm. &#34;Vroom vroom&#34; my daughter is singing...
I was able to get this battery for my niece and nephew's  power wheel that I purchased second hand. The battery came very quickly. I was charged it and the Jeep took off. This make my niece and nephew extremely happy!
Price is much better than at toys are us.  Still a lot to pay for a little battery  That.s it.............
The other reviews about getting stuck with a bad battery are no longer the case if you shop smart.  Ensured you purchase from amazon and you will be in their words &#34;well protected&#34;.  When I did have an issue, amazon was there for me and replaced the battery right away (next day shipping even).  I am glad I bought on amazon and much easier than trapsing around town trying to find it in stock with a recent manufacture date.In terms of the battery, they arrived almost fully charged and ready to go (according to the quick charger).  I wish it had been packed a little better, but I also left feedback to that effect.  The warranty does state that it covers batteries purchased from PowerWheels for 6 months (usual exclusions) so I don't know if this is in warrenty but I am not worried.  Brought a powerwheels that I scooped out of the trash right back to life.  Very happy
I bought this for my son's MX3 mini-bike.  I have only had it for a few weeks, but if it lasts like the other battery (almost 4 years) then it is worth the fun the kids have with the ride on toys.
I have an older model power wheels jeep.  Replaced the battery and it runs like new! Really holds a charge a long time.
We have had a power 4 wheeler for 10 years. We have had to replace the rechargeable 12 - volt rechargeable battery several times. We have always been able to buy the battery local, but this time we could not find the battery at any store. After looking on Amazon.com we were able to find it with no problem. Even with having to pay shipping, it was still cheaper than what the retail local price was. Received the battery within a week and the grand kids are up and running the 4 wheeler again. Thanks Amazon!
We have had a power wheels jeep for about 5 years, my grandson comes over and rides it around on our yard for hours, the battery doesn't go dead. Now he's too big and his little sister is driving it ON THE ORIGINAL BATTERY! It sits in our garage over the winter in sub freezing weather, hardly ever gets charged. In spring we plug it in for overnight and off she goes again for very long rides. I have to say this is the original battery and not the replacement but the picture sure looks exactly like the one in there!? So why is ours so good?!Unknown!Good luck!
After reading many negative reviews on these batteries, I still decided to take a chance on one.  The one I received charged up and works just fine in my daughter's 3 year old Barbie Escalade EXT ... much better than the depleted OEM one, and I'd say on par with it when it was new. For what it's worth, the new battery from Amazon was still &#34;fresh&#34;; an applied sticker indicated a charge-by date of December 2013. Make sure not to over-charge it.
Have had for over one year - works perfect.  After use I charge it over nght and unplug.  My grandson will use about once a week.  He uses the car for 20 - 40 minutes - plenty of power.  Once went around yhe big block two times.
We bought this for our sons jeep power wheels.  It holds the charge for a long time and provides so much fun for our boys!
This is for my kids four wheeler. we have several since we use them so much. it's also awesome with the quick charger.
When you have 2 kids' and several ride on toys you need a couple of these to have a spare when the other one runs low.  Came on time and works great.
What can I say, it's a battery and it works. Pretty good charge life in the Power Wheels Jeep. Thanks.
They are awesome our granddaughter could not be more excited even if she had five of them. Thank you, Bruce
We had found a power wheels jammin Barbie Jeep by the trash in our neighborhood.  My wife talked me into picking it up and having a look at it.  We took it home, cleaned it up, painted it.  Then, needed a replacement battery because the old would not hold a charge.  Ordered this battery here and, once charged it has worked perfectly.  The kids love it!!!
Got here quick - Works well. Good deal, price-wise, plus difficult to locate locally.  Grandkids put to use almost immediately.
I am sure this battery is not NEW it has only held a charge one time!! This battery is junk do not buy!!
Well, I took a chance here after reading the reviews...and I lost.Charged the battery 18 hours, per instructions. Worked for an hour. Charged again for 18 hours. Worked for 10 minutes. Used both times in a Power Wheels Dune Racer.Good news is that Amazon CS was awesome, and immediately sent out a new battery at no charge. I'll update after I've used the new one.
Loved that I was able to find a replacement battery for my daughters jeep jeep.  It was about $30 cheaper then in stores.  Have had no problems with it.  Daughter wears out before the battery.
We have zero complaints about the product or service. My kids started really enjoying the power wheels again right away.
Battery arrived and appears identical to the OEM battery that came with the PowerWheels vehicle. My only complaint and reason for only 4 stars is that the battery was shipped in a US Postal Service provided padded envelope that was totally insufficient to provide protection for the size and weight of this heavy battery. The battery was not packed in a box of any kind but was simply inserted into a padded envelope and shipped. Battery arrived with a rather significant dent on one of the edges as a result of the poor packaging. I charged the battery and it seemed to work fine with the dent so it appears to just be cosmetic damage so I did not bother to return the battery but it easily could have been damaged worse and they provided no means of shipping it back or info on returns. PLEASE REEVALUATE YOUR PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS!
Oh yes.It runs my Grandchildren's Power Wheels Dune Racer for hours. I am 199% satisfied ans I have nothing to say against it.
Very pleased with the rechargable Power Wheels 12 Volt battery for my sons Artic Cat Jeep.  Toys R Us was selling it for $89.99.  So far it works great & we are very happy with the product & price.  We will definitely shop at Amazon for future purchases.Thanks you,A Happy Mom
I brought this replacement battery for my nephew's power wheel truck. It works great. Brand new battery and it keeps charge for a long time. Would highly recommend buying this. Great price.
We ordered this replacement battery for a barbie jeep for my daughter for Christmas and didn't have any problem with it.  it works well and we love it.
We received a hand-me-down power wheels ride-on toy from my sister last year, and it was not seeming to work right (riding very slow)--after my younger boys (3, 5, and 7) received a brand new motorized jeep as a birthday gift this summer, my husband looked into getting a new battery for the power wheels 4-wheeler so my older daughters could use the hand-me-down (the girls are 9 and 10 and are too big for the jeep).  I was skeptical that the battery was the problem, but after receiving it and charging it up, the 4-wheeler is working great--it's like having 2 brand new toys for my kids... and as every parent knows, it's so good to have more than one of something to share between siblings!!!!
We loved it - It was for our granddaughter and she excited to have her Barbie Jeep running once again.
Fantastic deal! Was looking for new battery for awhile not and came across this. So glad we found one for our son's four wheeler toy. that thing is ten years old and still runa great just needed a new batey for it. now my younger boys are able to ride it.
Came fully charged and ready for use. Was a little odd that it was crammed in a padded envelope, but it works perfectly.
Worked once then wouldn't recharge.  When I contacted Fisher Price they told me I was out of my one year warranty.  Amazon made it right and gave me a refund......
I found a couple power wheel toys at a few garage sales, but unfortunately they were missing the batteries. What do you want for $20? So I purchased this battery and keep them charged with theNOCO G3500 NOCO Genius Gray 6V and 12V 3500mA (3.5A) Fully Automatic Battery Charger and MaintainerNOCO G3500 charger and have never had an issue, combined with the charger I now have had these batteries for almost 24 months now and can have them charged and back on the road within 90 minutes.
Purchased  this as a replacement battery for my sons power wheels truck. It arrived early, and was chesper than any other competitors I could find. I would recommend this product to anyone needing this battery.
I didn't believe the other ratings and the problems.  I just figured other weren't charging it right.  Now I believe.  Worthless.  It worked the first charge then nothing.  Now I have to send it back, try to get another, etc.  What a hassle and what a disappointment for my boys who were so excited their truck was working again.  Don't know if I'll get another or try something else.
Battery seems to work great. I have charged it 10 times and seems to last 1/2 hour kids love it.
I have no problems with this battery whatsoever.  Is it overpriced?  Hell yes?  Does it do it's job?  Hell yes.  Good purchase.
With the correct power wheels charger and following the steps correctly this battery WILL NOT last BECAUSE it has obviously sat on a shelf for too long prior to me buying it. DO not buy these from this supplier as the battery will not last for more than a week!!!
Subject says it all. It does what we got it for. We wanted to get a new one to see if our old one was loosing a charge. Ultiamtely though, we discovered that my son getting bigger was the reason it wasn't lasting as long. Now we have two batteries to get him to the same ride time.
Purchased this for over 20$ less than Walmart. Have used it for over a week now and have no complaints.
just what the dr ordered, now my grandson can ride and take along a playmate to enjoy the music and ride of fun
I recently purchased this item for my step daughters Barbie Jeep. The product came fast and it worked GREAT. It came with enough power to ride it that whole day, which was great cause she wanted to ride it as soon as it came in.
I charged this battery once and now it won't hold the charge more than 5 minutes. I held the charge the first time but now the grandkids cant ride their jeep because it won't stay charged.
Charged the battery for 24 hours.  Did not work.  Charged longer ... nothing.  Of course, child disappointed.  Called Fisher Price and they sent me one free of charge.  Would never order this type of product through Amazon again.
I read the reviews about the battery dying and thought that perhaps things had changed. Apparently not. I bought the battery on 4-11 and got less than 10 charges out of it before it croaked. Amazon was nice enough to credit my card, however I won't be purchasing another battery from Amazon. I am hoping to get one from Fisher-Price that is better?? *crossing fingers*
the battery worked perfectly did exactly what it was supposed to do. I would recommend it to someone in need of a replacement battery
Works good. Not completely sure if it was totally new or used due to the packaging as stated in the listing.
After several years in the basement, a new battery had our little 4 wheeler up and running again! Can you say happy little girls?
Holds charge for decent time. Kids have a ton of fun on the ride on toy.No other option anyway
I bought 2 batteries for my sons power wheels. When I received them they were scratched up. I charged them up and only one worked. They want me to pay to ship it back. And charge 20% restocking fee. Just so I can go but it from a different place.
Showed up in a hurry we charged it for the initial eighteen hours and now runs the Barbie jeep just great
great
We ordered this battery from Amazon.  This was the best price, delivery time was excellent and battery works great.  Follow charging instructions carefully for maximum battery life.
This battery worked great for my daughter's jeep. She hasn't been able to use it for over a year got this in the mail and she was driving around the rest of the night.Chris
After the grand daughters power wheels was dying after 20 minutes of use, I picked this battery up.  The battery worked for 2 days before recharging. She seems to get about 3 days out of it and drives the power wheels most of the time. Montana
This battery makes things easy for adults that have kids with Power Wheels.  You just charge it for a night and it's good to go.  I've had a few of these batteries and they last for several years.  Small but a little heavy but it packs the power!
The battery will work fine for 2-3 seasons provided you keep it charged.My kids have enjoyed these for years, A new battery will last most of the day, and I do have hills. By the third season the charge won't hold very long.The quickest way to ruin lead-acid batteries is to discharge them deeply and leave them stand "dead" for an extended period of time. When they discharge, there is a chemical change in the positive plates of the battery. They change from lead oxide when charged to lead sulfate when discharged. If they remain in the lead sulfate state for a few days, some part of the plate does not return to lead oxide when the battery is recharged. If the battery remains discharged longer, a greater amount of the positive plate will remain lead sulfate. The parts of the plates that become "sulfated" no longer store energy. Batteries that are deeply discharged, and then charged partially on a regular basis can fail in less than one year.
This item is horrible, only had used for 4 months and charge slowly died and won't hold a charge any more. Second, I go to return/replace, however Amazon won't let you return the item due to the fact that it is a battery and they won't allow for that.  Now I am stuck with an item that I paid for an doesn't work any more.  Instead of buying the item here, go to your local Walmart and get it there, that way if it doesn't work or fails, you can exchange it in store and not deal with the hassle.
My daughters barbie jeep needed it, now she drives around our yard happy as can be. Im so glad I was able to replace the battery.
This battery arrived quickly. It was also charged when it arrived. I put it into our vehicle and used it right away. We used it until it died and it charged right up again, no problems. We have charged it now several more times with great success. Good product. Works how it's supposed to.
This &#34;new&#34; battery made my grandaughters truck...REALLY CRUISE!!!She loves it, which is the result I was looking for...Great Buy
I have been using the battery for my son's power wheel vehicle for over three weeks and have not had to recharge it. Long lasting battery!
works great in my daughters Barbie jeep. the battery lasts most of the day and is ready to go again after charging over night.
It's a battery and it does what it's meant to do.  My kids are excited to be in their jeep again.
We recieved this battery quickly and at a very discounted price.  works like a champ! and my daugher is loving her power wheels.
This shipped fast, and I charged it for a little longer that I was supposed to (don't do that). It still worked just fine.
Thios battery is a POS.  After only two uses it doesn't hold a charge anymore.  What a waste of money.  I'm getting my daughter a gas powered atv instead.
Worked for two charges then died.  They blamed me. I had to buy one at toys r us. Customer service not helpful.  Waste of money from this place
I have not had this battery very long the first 3 times it has been charged it was fine. But now it will not hold its power??  We are Grand parents so our little 5 year old is not on it all the time.  Help????
Charged this battery up for around 18 hours before the first use then popped it in my sons quad runner power wheel and it's worked like a charm.  Provides plenty of power for the vehicle for my son who is 2 1/2.
battery works great the price was the best i could find shipped really fast daughter loves her jeep battery last long and moves the jeep really well
I felt pretty stupid when, after reading several bad reviews here, I bought this battery anyway and it only ran for 5 minutes after recharging it the first time. My husband tested the charger to ensure it was functioning properly and then took the battery to a local battery specialty store for testing, which confirmed the battery was perfectly fine. Then upon returning home he discovered the switch on the power bar on the back of his workbench had been accidently flipped to the off position. Our original and back up batteries have both been recharging and functioning perfectly ever since.I'm posting this review as a reminder to other people to check every possibility, including having the battery tested, before assuming their battery is bad.
Local battery store wanted to charge me $75 for the same battery.  Same battery as in store for fraction of the price.
was everything we wanted in a product was happy to be able to ride the jeep works really great very happy
We bought this for my son who started riding his older sister's truck.  Had a hard time finding the right battery for the older models.  I remember buying one of these to have a spare a couple of years ago and the price was not near as high as it is now.  Would almost be worth buying a new truck.
The battery arrived as expected, fully charged, in the original packaging. I have not had any problems with it to date.
It is working, but my 2 1/2 is still afraid of the car so not sure how long it lasts or anything since she is not using the car.
This battery works like it was intended. Gets the grandkids moving in their Power Wheels. We charge it as recommended
Picked up a free Barbie jeep, battery was dead.Went online, decided to buy this one, perfect!No issues with instructions, has had multiple recharges and going strong.
Battery either died right away or somethings wrong with the Power Wheels motorcycle that it goes in. It's likely the motorcycle.
Seems to hold charge for quite a while. Hopefully it doesn't deteriorate like other CD  batteries. Does just fine so far.
Hate I didn't check my charger before I threw my old battery away, but oh well.  After buying a new charger, and was finally able to charge this battery, everything worked fine.
After a couple of years of use, my son's power wheels truck battery needed to be replaced since it could no longer hold a charge. I first shopped at a large "retail" toy store, and bought a replacement battery for $99. It struck me as WAY too much money, so I immediately checked Amazon when I got home.I got the EXACT same battery shipped to me for ~$50, and I promptly returned the other battery for my money back.
I've not used this yet but I did test to see it was working.  There was no package or any papers that came with the battery just packed tight in a mail bag.  I tested the battery to see it works and fit the car we had for my son.  I hope it hold a charge and will also have a long charge life.
I purchased a Power Wheels Battery, 12 Volt GRAY in August and it was delivered two weeks later.  We purchased a battery charger that we had used on another battery (same model) that we had purchased from Walmart.  The charger worked on this battery, however, the battery that we purchased from you will not charge.  It took this long to realize that the battery ran on a current charge, but will not recharge.  We had returned the other battery to Walmart because you had a much better price.  However, this battery did not come in a box like the one from Walmart.  I don't know if it was a new battery or a used battery.  Regardless, it will not charge.
This rechargeable battery was just what we needed to get my granddaughter's riding toy going.  Amazon as usual had the best deal for this item.it works fine and am very pleased.
It's just what we needed, great price too! Now our little boy can ride his "harley" all summer long! Thanks
After the intial battery died within 3 months, i purchased the replacement battery on Amazon. I followed the charging instructions exactly, and the battery still died within a month. I would not recommend this battery to anyone.
Ordered 2 replacement batteries for pass me down power wheels and they both arrived quickly and the grand kids are happy happy happy
piece of crap do not order charged for 20 hours works for 10 minutes then dies.,charged again over night same results.
we got a hand me down jeep from the neighbors and the battery was not keeping a charge for more than 20 minutes.  we received this replacement and have been using it for at least a month.  it is awesome!  it keeps a charge for at least an hour and the jeep goes really fast in the fast position.  my kids drive it all over the lawn and up hills and have no problem with the battery running out.  the packages is just a battery, no plug, so don't get this if you need the plug too.  it is totally worth the price to make the jeep like new.
just bought this charge the right amount of time and it wont hold a charge i want a refund it goes too slow i have tried two different chargers and i think they sold me a defective product
This battery worked for the first month and then when we recharged it, the battery lasted for less than 10 mins. I think we need a charger cable that shuts off when the battery if charged. This is my 3rd power wheels battery that went bad in less than 6 months.
Works great, holds a charge for a good hour at a constant use and charges up very fast. easy to change out
Used this battery to replace a dead one on my daughters escalade.  Works perfectly.  I gave it a 3 on durability because the first one died within a year.
I got this battery to replace an old worn out battey for my granddaughter little red corvette.. It works great and last a good long time... I do think it's a little pricey, but all batteries are that way.
The battery was exactly what I ordered. When it arrived, my kid tore open the box and had me install it right away. To my surprise, it seemed fully charged on arrival. Very happy.
Works great
I purchased this battery for my kids 4-Wheeler. delivery didn't take too long, it came USPS- it works perfectly and the price was right. I checked other vendors and the same battery was way over priced with them!! thanks for keeping decent prices...definetely I will return to you if I need similar items..My only suggestion--Please  consider using UPS for your shipment needs, USPS is not too competitive delivering fast to your customers and trackign shipment is not always available!!! :(
I bought it for my little girl jamming jeep, the first week the battery was working fine after ONLY a week the charge last ONLY 5 minutes and the jeep is dead again! It feels like I got the oldest battery on earth or refurbished!!
great price and quality! Runs the F150 like no other :)Should last as long as our 2 year old wants to drive!
We are on our 2nd battery for a Jeep my son has only had for 2 years. they do not keep their charge long and at some point it won't charge anymore. Unfortunately, there is no alternative for the Jeep so we bought another one. But I see now why this Jeep may have been brought to the children's second hand store. If this battery dies out, we may do the same.
In response to the person who said that this charger does not go with this battery, it looks like it does not, but in fact it does fit. The connector does not look like the one that connects to the car, but it does connect. It took me a little while to figure out how to plug it in properly, because it goes in only the middle of the 3 slots. Just thought I should clarify that point.And also the battery is fine, I have two of them. The first one lasted a long time but after about 8 or 9 years of use doesn't hold a charge anymore. That's a long time for a rechargeable to last. The new one runs for a long time, and now I am getting a replacement for the old one.
Dont waste your money on this battery, especially since it cant be returned!! I followed the directions to a T. Didnt overcharge it and was very careful because of all the negative reviews. This battery lasted all of four days before giving out for good. Find another battery. I cant believe Amazon would sell something like this. Looks like it's a hit or miss, but for the price they should at least test the batteries before sending them out.
I bought this piece of crap battery for my 3 year old who was very anxious to ride in her Barbie Jeep we got her.  First of all the battery came in a cardboard box that looked like it had been through the ringer with dents on every corner and just big enough for the battery, no bubble wrap or anything to cushion the battery. Second for some reason the charger didn't fit the battery properly, it was hard to disconnect the two for some reason. Third the battery only lasted 2 charges before it stopped working all together. Fourth after trying to return the defective battery I didn't realize I needed to include the packing slip and after contacting the company they tell me that they would have to go through &#34;ALL&#34; of the returns that didn't come with the packing slip and that would take awhile? Needless to say I have not heard anything else from them and I assume I will not ever!!  Horrible company service and I never will purchase from this company again!!!
It works well, and gives new live to an older powerwheel. My kids were very happy to have more power to the vehicle, and the new battery last a few days with a couple hours use each day.Packaging and shipping had no issue.thanks
The battery that I received was the exact model that I needed.  The battery does not come with a charger, so I'm using my old one and it charges just fine.  Competitive price.  I liked the prompt shipment as well, thank you!
My wife bought a Jeep for my daughter at a garage sale for $5. The battery would last about 1/2 day. Now with the new one it has a lot more power and lasts days.
Everyone else was sold out... our kids love riding in their power wheels!  Great battery life and we're going to get another for the other power wheels we have!
The only problem I have with this particular battery if the lack of a light or meter to know when it's fully charged. It was purchased as a backup so the ride on toy it was for came with the charger.
Our battery had died over the winter, and I did some comparison shopping looking for a new battery, and Damlow had the best price and it was an original replacement. Everything worked perfect! Thanks
We purchases this battery for our barbie jeep.  We received it and originally it would not hold a charge.  We thought that perhaps we needed to buy a new charger.  We bought a new charger, and yep, it charged BUT would not hold a charge.  Amazon sent us a new battery and my kids are very happy.
My original battery lasted 5 years. it still ran it just would not hold a charge long since my grandkids now drive it at the 5 mph speed. The new battery is awesome. They drive the jeep for hours at a time. Only recharged it once so far. I will probably get another 5 years out of it.
I mostly ordered this battery off of Amazon because it was at least $20 less than in a retail store. It arrived in great shape and the packaging seemed to protect it well. We have had it for a month exactly and it seems to hold a charge well, we did follow the instructions to a T for the first charge and that might be why it has worked so far.
This battery came through at least $10.00 cheaper than anyone else. It was shipped quickly and was not damaged in shipment. My grandkids were just thrilled that their "wheeler" was ready to ride so soon.
For a battery it does what it's supposed to do , but it's to bad that it cost the same as a real car battery !
Got this for my grandson's power wheels to have a spare when the other one dies. It works great. Gives him hours of riding enjoyment.
It's a battery there's not much to say about it. Seems to work well my kids ride the power wheels and have lots of fun.
My granddaughter will be a very happy little girl.  I have totally rebuilt and repainted her Harley and it will be a very big surprise to her that she will be able to ride it.  I am giving it to her for Christmas.Thank you very much.
So far it works great,the truck goes alot faster than it use to. the kids love the power, Thank You
Right at one year died.wont charge.bought new. Charger same result.think manufacturer plans replacement every year.grandson only rode maybe once a week
it arrived in perfect condition, however that is where good news ended. fully charged battery would barely last an hour on the electronic toy car, to the dismay of my children. it is too bad i threw away the box, otherwise i would have returned it
The battery for my daughters escalade was not holding a charge so I bought a new battery, it now works much better
My son is enjoying his power wheels bike again. I'm glad I was able to purchase the battery for a lesser price.
I was given a used Power Wheels riding four wheeler.  The battery had given out.  It was great to find an exact replacement.  It was a bit pricey for my taste but cheaper than anywhere else I checked.
i bought this for a power wheel that we found at a yard sale...turns out the motors on the wheels were both bad.  so this is waiting for the kids' birthday when we will probably buy them a new one (spoiled brats, et al).  i have been storing this for about 4 months and it still meters over 12V...so it holds a charge well enough.
We received a free Power Wheels Jeep from a friend but the battery was dead. I purchased the replacement battery from Amazon (which is about the same price as you could get at a battery shop, but without the taxes) and after the initial 18-hour charge the battery was good to go. My kids use the Jeep at least three times a week and it lasts over an hour of hard running. The battery is then charged 14 hours overnight and is ready to go again the next day. Don't buy generic- just get the original replacement battery sold by Fisher Price.
I got this battery at one heck of a good deal...I could not find it in any local store for under $75.00 and the price on Amazon was just too good to be true! The battery is exactly as described, exactly as seen in stores and has made my son one happy rider!!
We bought this battery about 1 month ago.  We have 3 kids that share their one power wheel.  The battery has kept about a 2-3 hour charge for every use.  The battery is charged daily and keeps on working.  This is the best $50 I spent this month.
So far, so good. However, we have only had it a week. It did come fully charged which was nice!
Worked very well in our Barbie jeep. Much cheaper than other batteries we found.  Still going strong after several months.
We got my daghter's Barbie Jeep from a garage sale 2 years ago.  It never was very fast and the battery life only lasted for about 1 trip around the block.  I figured that was normal for Power Wheels.  Then I saw a kid across the street with a really old, warn looking power wheels that would literally drive circles around my daughter's jeep.  I figured that I needed to get a new battery and I was right.  With this battery, the PW jeep is faster and lasts longer than it ever did.  I shouldn't have waited so long.
The battery was fulfilled by Amazon.  I saw other sellers for the same battery with slight variations on the stickers on the battery that made me a little worried about how the battery would be shipped and whether it would be able to hold a charge.  This battery came very protected in two boxes (the Power Wheels box) and then an Amazon shipping box with filler to protect the battery.  I followed the instructions to initially charge the battery before using it in my kids Barbie Jeep and so far it has been working as expected and is maintaining a charge for a longer time than the old battery.  Since these batteries are sensitive to overcharging, I am investing in a timer so that I can &#34;set it&#34; and not worry that I will &#34;forget it&#34; when charging the battery.
Much needed battery.  Two year old drives the heck out of her Barbie Jeep.  Holds charge well and lasts quite a while.  Only complaint is the price although Amazon had the best deal on it by far.  Some batterys for your car are less expensive but that is an issue for Power Wheels.
Battery arrived quickly, packaged appropriately and as expected. It is exactly as described we I purchased it and exactly what I wanted. Works great and my daughters jeep is up and running again.
Works well for the most part. The only drawback is monitoring when it's being charged. You can't just plug it in and leave it.
It holds a charge great and really kicked in my son's power wheel jeep. This battery was much cheaper thru amazon than buying in the store.
There is nothing like a new battery :o)  Last summer we bought a power wheels at a garage sale and let the kids drive it on the original battery.  It never lasted long.  Now it is the vehicle that my three kids fight for...of the 2 power wheels we own, it has the most power and lasts the longest.  We like the product and had never had a problem with it - as long as you follow the instructions for charging (i.e. always fully charge the battery for 18 hours before its first use, make sure it gets fully charged after every other use, etc.)  We were able to get the best price for this from Amazon...good deal!
I was leary of ordering because of comments and low ratings but I am completely satisfied.  We had a Barbie jeep that lasted about 3 years before the battery quit.  I ordered this as a replacement and it works great.  We recharge it for 18 hours and then within a few days, it gets so much use, we recharge it again!
The item is about half of retail.  Holds charge and has same power as original battery.  Very pleased.  I recomend.
I was so happy with this item, For my youngest son and he love the toy so that means I love it. It was fast shipping an great service. Thankz  alot.
What can you say about a battery? This works just like the original. Holds a charge well and is a must if your kid rides more than a couple of hours a day. Like some other reviewers, I do recommend buying these online as I think a lot of people return dead batteries to the store only to be sold again.
This battery works great and is the same battery as I purchased and returned to Toys R Us for half the price.  Buy it and save $$$.
It was what I expected. I only had to charged it overnight and it worked. I think we get at least 6 hours of driving when battery is fully charged.
I bought it and in the end the problem was the charger, but no problem and my son has battery backup for fun lol
This product came exactly as advertised.  It seems expensive for what it is, but it works and that is what counts.
Our quad was getting so slow and would not hold a charge and decided to invest in a new battery. So glad we did as that thing zips around the yard like it was brand new. It is almost 6 years old and we thought it was going. Thanks for getting our granddaughter back up and enjoying her quad!
I could not find this anywhere locally  but toys r us and it was a lot more money. This is the best buy by far.
see above title for all i have too say on this...i mean come on its a battery and it works...nuff said
Battery was exact match and charges without a flaw.  Packaging was perfect for delivery and was pleasedwith the shape of the battery that matched the old one .
got to have it for kids to cruise around, when the kids are happy everyone is happy! buy 2 of them
Bought this to replace the battery in my daughter's Power Wheels Jeep. Charged right up and the kids have been having a blast! No problems!
Perfect OEM replacement part for PowerWheels motorized electric toys.Replaced an original 5 year old battery. Price is better than in the stores.
This battery would not hold a charge....unable to use it. I tried charging it on 2 separate occasions, for several hours,and got no response either time.....
Well got the battery charged it and worked great but said to charge it at least 14hrs after riding it each time keep battery tip top well 4th time battery doesn't even last 1/2 n it needs charged again not happy with throwing that kinda money away
Got it in 2 days with prime and after a full charge it lasts for like 3 days of use. pretty solid deal!
Plugged it into my sons Power Wheels Dune buggy and it worked like a charm.  This is the first one I have bought (not including the original one).  Bleeding expensive, but what are you gonna do.........I tried to &#34;refurbish&#34; the original one but the store said it couldn't be done.
I bought this battery about 1 month ago and I am very pleased with it. My son is still a little small for the powerwheels truck, but he has rode in it about 8 hours over the last month. We have not charged it yet!! This battery seems to hold its power very well.
Not worth it to buy online, some online line stores don't care about their customer, I had to send my item back and end up paying shipping and handling both way that's more then $20. I still have to buy the new battery, it's totally not worth it. Store should pay my shipping cost, I will never buy stuff like this, beware guys, there is no guarantee for product. It's actually 0 star.
Its the battery i was looking to buy. It charges and holds charge like the discription states. No problems so far.
THIS WAS A BUST.  I purchased this to replace the original battery that came with my daughter's Barbie Jeep.  The original battery lasted about 3 years and worked very well before running out of juice.  I read several reviews that concerned me saying that the replacement battery went dead very very quickly. Well, that's exactly what happened to me . . . I read and followed the instructions closely, in terms of how long to charge initially, and then subsequent charging as well.  We got about 3 charges out of it, and that's it.  I ended up throwing away the Jeep, and I'm taking this battery and the original battery to the dump, where they have a station to recycle old batteries.  Amazon cannot take this product back . . since it is a hazardous material (acid), but, kudos to them, they credited me the purchase right away.  I don't know what to tell you on this one . . .  it could be the batteries they have are old shelf batteries; it could be something wrong with our Jeep itself. . .  BUT  . . .  if it can happen to me (and others that I read about), then it can happen to you.  We're going to purchase an upgraded vehicle from here and not fool around with replacement batteries anymore.  GOod luck.
The battery seems to take a full charge and run jeep for as long as the original battery did. You have to be sure not to over charge this battery or it will damage it for sure.
Very happy with the fast delivery of the battery and the price of the battery! My grandboys love there power wheel and the battery is great! you made there day! Thank You!
The first one I recieved was busted, I got online and talked to a Amazon rep. live; they sent me another one over nite at no cost. I just throw the busted one away. The second one came with much better packaging. Thanks Amazon!!
Bought for grand-daughters pink Jeep.Now she has 2 batteries to go the distance (around the yard)So far, so good
Power Wheels ATV is as good as new!  Bought a quick charger to go along with this as the factory charger was just not cutting it.  Expect to get probably only about 3 years out of the battery which is normal.
What I needed for our four wheeler .as advertised perfect fit and great charge. Thanks and will reccomend to others
Works awesome!
All it was billed to be. Runs a car. No issues. Would recommend. Have all the other stuff for it.
So happy with the new battery and we have a happy little boy that can ride his four wheeler again.
We bought a second battery for our daughters power wheel so she would always have a charged battery.  I didn't realize her old battery was wearing down, until we put this one in her car and saw how much faster she can go.
Great buy! Perfect battery for the toy car especially since the car was second hand. Wish it had come with the charger though. Had to get that separately.
Works just like the original. Make sure to charge it over the winter, otherwise it will not start again in the summertime (happened to us with the original). Works well!
Shipping was fairly quick.  Works well.Best price I could fine.Has definitely worked for what we needed and my daughter's car runs a lot longer now.
Works good so far and was brand new just as described. My son rides his side by four wheeler everywhere. The battery does run down after a little while so it would be in good interest to buy two so you could keep the other one on charge.
This battery was a great buy, shipping was fast and it works great in the 4 wheeler we needed the battery for!  Grandson very happy!!
Battery works great! Did not realize how much power we were missing using the old battery. Put in the four wheeler and my son can ride for hours. Extremely satisfied with this battery and shipping was fast. Thanks!
My child loves her Power Wheels Barbie Jeep, when the battery went dead she was very upset.  We foud the best deal online at Amazon.  Though when the battery arrived it was damaged, since my daughter waited so long for it I charged it.  The battery was damaged from the shipping process and it still charged properly, so far so good.
Not much to say about a battery.  My kids wore the first one out, so it was nice to get a replacement so they could keep on riding their jeep in the yard.
I bought this new battery for our Fisher Price F-150 ride on truck after 3 seasons.  The truck wouldnt go for longer than 10 minutes despite being "fully charged".  Got a new battery, and charged it per instructions.  It still would run out of steam after 10-15 minutes.  After reading some of these reviews and talking to an electrics guy, I bought a new 12 Volt charger off of good old amazon as well.  It works like a dream now.  The truck runs like new.  It was the charger that was bad, not the NEW battery.  Try a new charger before blaming the battery.  It fixed our issues!
My stepfather picked up a used PowerWheel's Jeep that someone was throwing out for bulk day for my kids and said that he had talked to the family that was getting rid of it and was told that it worked - just needed a new battery (they even gave him the charger for it).  Fast forward a couple of years, and my kids are now old enough to use this toy - I got this battery and the Jeep runs great!  We will see how many seasons this battery lasts, but so far so good.
i buy a lot from Amazon.  i rarely provide comment.  i bought this in January of 2014.  the first charge did not last long.  the second charge ever shorter.  by the 5th charge or so, it would not hold a charge at all.  very disappointed.  maybe i got a dud.  i need another one now, and have put off buying another due to traveling with work.  i'll by another, but if this one fails i'll be moving on to another supplier.
I should have listened to the other reviews!!  The original battery lasted for hours, this piece of junk fully charged........15 whopping minutes!!  What a total waste of money.  No charging instructions came with it.  Just a battery in a bag.  I followed the instructions posted here from some of the people who were lucky enough to get a good one and still works like garbage.
This replacement battery worked for one use. I charged it as the instructions directed and it has not held a charge since the first use! I am disgusted that I now have to attempt to get a new one and return the 'new' one I just bought my daughter for her birthday!
Bought this as a replacement for my kids powerwheels mustang.  It now runs as good as it did when it was new.  Be sure to charge it for 18 hours before using and run it all the way down the first few times to season the battery properly.  Also don't do what I did to my last one and leave it on the charger whenever you are not using it.  That seems to be what helped ruin my last one.
Worked day one. We shall see what the future brings.
We bought this as a backup battery and it was a great idea.  Now one battery can charge while the other is powering the kiddo's car.  This is ideal for us since the batteries take about 18 hours to charge and 4 year-olds are not known for their patience.
Found a power wheel for free on the side of the road, my husband brought it home spriced it up did a little bit of fixing up and it only needed a battery and charger.  So we bought this one and it is still working two years later!!  For the price of the battery and the charger.  Very happy with this purchase and best price around.
I got these for extras for my grandsons power wheel vehicles.  They charge while they use their other ones up, so they always have their cars ready to go.
Wasnt what they said it was, did not fit my unit as advertised.  Had to rig it to make it work.Wasnt what they said it was, did not fit my unit as advertised.  Had to rig it to make it work.Wasnt what they said it was, did not fit my unit as advertised.  Had to rig it to make it work.Wasnt what they said it was, did not fit my unit as advertised.  Had to rig it to make it work.
I was not in  favor of buying our first one but I WAS WRONG!  It has been a great battery.  My grandkids have worn out one, about 4 years worth. And we have bought a second one.  The battery has served very well for 4 years before needing replacement, longer than my car's battery!
Ordered a new battery for my kids Power Wheels Cadillac.  The battery arrived promptly and after charging it up, it works as advertised.
Exact replacement for the original.  Thank you.
Battery arrived in good condition.  Operates very well.  Very happy with the new battery.  I would order again for sure
This battery arrived well-packed and fully charged. Works great in my son's Power Wheels Jeep... he drives it around for an hour and still has hours of power left over. Better still, I plug it in to the Quick Charger (purchased separately) when he's done, and the battery's fully charged again in fifteen minutes! I'm very happy... and so is my son!
Product does work great on granddaughters Jeep, but little expensive. But she's happy and we're happy.  If price was less I would have given it 5 stars.
It works as described!  Kids having fun again.  Wish these didn't cost so much or if there was a good alternative.
I purchased a power wheels jeep 4 years ago that came with this battery.  My son rides in his jeep almost everyday and this battery will give several hours of ride time before needing recharging.  The reason i write this review is i purchased a competitors ride on called the gator which works fine. The battery is a 12v, however, the run time is very short and only last 60 minutes or less on hard flat surfaces.  We have never had one problem with our power wheels jeep and the battery has been terrific.I would suggest one consider the battery life before purchasing a ride-on as my son does not ride his gator much as the battery runs down very fast...and he ends up back in his trusted power wheels jeep and battery combo....we will be taking back the gator as i dont think we should have to pay for a second battery which the two will still not run as long as the one power wheels battery...worth the $$$$
Purchasing this product has increased the run time of the Power Wheels Cadillac car. It also allows the old battery to be used as a backup when the new battery needs to be recharged. The car can continue to be used. It has doubled the fun that the kids have with the Power Wheels Cadillac car.
The battery is giving the grandchildren hours of fun.
Battery will not hold a full charge. Not worth the money spent on it. Only get about an hour of ridding after 18 hours of charging.
I had to buy this because my daughter accidently put more lead in the old one with a .22lr and had to fire the old battery because it quick working.  These are tough batteries, but hate additional lead.  They get very touchy when you put more led in them.  They must be on a diet or watching their weight, because they refused to anything once a tiny bit of lead was added.  Maybe they feel like they are doing a good job and get offended when you want to help by adding more lead.Additionally, Amazon has the best price out there on replacement Power Wheel batteries.  So if you find yourself with a lazy/touchy battery, this is a great replacement.  I am not worried about my old battery&#8230;.there is always the unemployment line.
all toys need maintenance, and this toy needed a new battery.  I wanted a battery that replaced the exact battery that came out of the jeep, which I found on Amazon.  I ordered it and now the jeep is ready to go.
This was purchased as an additional battery so that when my daughter Barbie jeep &#34;broke&#34; down mommy could put in a new battery and it would go.
We purchased a Ford truck for our grandson.  Since he usually drives it until the battery is dead (an hour on our terrain) we purchased this as a second battery for more hours of fun.
I bought this as a replacement for my granddaughter's power wheels jeep. Was half the price as it was in the store I orginally bought the jeep from!!  Still running strong!
Battery was purchased as a replacement for a Fisher Price Barbie Mustang, we have charged and used the new battery only twice and the battery had already run down and we had to "hand tow" the vehicle home about a half a mile in our neighborhood, as the battery died, wish Fisher Price would improve the life of this product and rechargeable quality. This product is expensive for the life of the battery. We followed instructions of not allowing the battery to "die", we recharge after use, but still the battery life is not long enough for a child to drive the vehicle around the neighborhood, very disappointed.
The battery works great.  It is expensive to replace these batteries as they cost almost 1/2 of what the car purchase price was.
This was a replacement item. The previous battery lasted about 4 years and I was afraid I would be unable to find new ones I found it at Amazon easily. The price was good and delivery was better than I expected.
I purchased an extra battery for my grandson's car because I knew he would be using it a lot. It's great to have a spare and not have to worry about waiting hours for a battery to charge.
Battery works great! I ordered it  as a replacement battery for a Barbie Jeep I was given for my granddaughters.
After USPS lost the battery in NY I wrote a note and a new battery was sent and arrived in 3days. All 5 of my grandchildren are having great fun. I have recommended others to order. Thank You for saving the summer fun.
This product met my expectations.  The Fisher-Price Jeep, definitely needed a new battery.  The  old battery wasn't charging well anymore.  We have had it for three weeks.
I bought this for my son's motorized Jeep and it works great. It is a battery and it fits fine.
So far so good.  Being careful not to leave battery charging for more than 12 hours at a time as that is supposed to reduce battery life.
The only negative thing is how long it took to receive the battery.  We waited about a month before it was shipped.  Try explaining that every day to a 4 yr old why she couldn't ride her beach car.
Needed for a 6 yr old's birthday and as the old battery died, had to replace right away.  Came on time, and charged.  perfect.
Great -just what we needed. Charged up and strong. Fit the fisher price riding toy well.  would recommend to people.
Replacement battery for my son's ATV. Works well as any new battery should. Problem is that because the way they are made I am purchasing a new one every year. Battery does not last over the winter because there is no way to know if battery is completely discharged and cannot charge if not completely discharged because then it will only hold the new charge as full capacity. Fisher-Price really needs to address this issue.
I'm kind of apalled how the price of this, BUT this rating isn't about that (just keep an eye out for it to go on sale).This battery will hopefully last longer than the original that came with my daughter's Barbie Jeep, although, it did last a decent amount of time.  Works great and keeps a decent charge.
These batteries are exactly the same as in the stores only much cheaper, by almost $30.  Thanks so, so much!!
We bought this battery as a replacement for a power wheels jeep we bought at a garage sale. Great battery lasts a long time. Don't over charge it, no more than 18 hours or your battery will be shot!
Second battery I have bought to replace the original battery in my daughters power wheel. The original battery lasted years.. This one lasted one charge.. Such a disappointment, again!
This battery is great, but you have to be aware of how long you've used (or not used) the car before charging.  In other words, you are not supposed to let the car sit in the garage for too long without use, or the battery goes bad.  Also, you need to pay attention to how long you charge the battery for.  Overcharging can cause burnout.So pay attention, be aware, and it'll be well worth the money.  Toys R Us charges a lot more for this.
This product came quickly and was in excellent shape and it works well.  The car had so much power it was hard to keep up with my granddaughter when she was driving.  Actually spun the tires when she first started off....
I rarely give negative reviews, almost NEVER!  This is the most worthless junk I have ever bought. Stay away from Fisher Price in general.  Everything they sell is either dangerous or cheaply made.  I have a degree in electronics and computers and I can tell you no matter what you do this battery will not last.  They wear out way too quickly and you;ll get zero customer service from Fisher Price.  This has been one of the worst purchases EVER.
I did receive the item very quickly and it seems to work. HOWEVER, I have no idea if this item is brand new as there is NO PACKAGING included.  Literally the only thing you receive in the (very thinly lined) bubble wrapped package is the battery.  Extremely poor shipping materials used (a priority mail envelope!). I was expecting it to come in the original packaging and it did not. That said, the battery seems to be okay for now but I am quite positive that being banged up and thrown around, like all packages are, across the country was not good. I would not recommend this seller.
I purchased this battery for my granddaughter's Barbie-Mustang. It works exactly as it should and my daughter/son-in-law have had no problems. Not only is my granddaughter happy but so are her parents.
Happy because my daughter can enjoy her vehicle. The previous battery cells went dead due to lack of being used. We are happy.
I was a little skeptical and unsure if I had ordered the correct battery but it worked perfectly. I let it charge as instructed and my granddaughter was rollin the next day!
The power wheel battery was good quality, excellent price, the only problem was how it mailed, otherwise, everything would have been great.
Received this battery and never worked correctly. Only charged completely one time and stopped working. Never kept the charge on.  What a waste of money. Never buy from them again!!!
My sons love to run their power wheels mustang all over our yard!  when the battery died they were pretty upset:)
good battery, the kids use it until the juice is gone and we all get a rest while it recharges
This battery came in a thin &#34;bubble wrap&#34; envelope & I say &#34;bubble wrap&#34; because it didnt offer any real protection against damage for the battery as it seemed the battery was too heavy for it. When it arrived it was of course cracked, I am unsure if they originally shipped it that way or if it was damaged in transit. I told them about it and they offered a refund, but it was such a hassle to return it I just kept it. It is now collecting dust on a shelf. Thumbs down.
I have charged it 3x and so far so good. The first time I charged it for 18 hours as instructed. After that, just charge it for 14 hrs and it is good to go.
this  battery was the one for the power wheels--nice quality and nice price--thank youmy grand-daughters can now go like crazy--they have power
This was a great replacement for the battery that came with my sons f-150 power wheels.  Fully charges and holds the charge for days.
When I got the box in my home it was all ripped apart. Wasn't sure if anything was damaged. Took the batteries and charged them. Working great. They keep a charge so the kids can ride all day before needing charged again. Happy with my purchase.
I was so glad I bought this. It has worked great and my kids have loved being able to drive the jeep again!
We purchased this as a backup battery for our sons fisher price pickup truck. It has worked very well and makes it so much easier to always have a charged battery ready.
Very powerful easy to charge and when battery is charge will last a long time for kids to ride 4 wheeler all day and night .
Needed an extra for her 4 wheeler, so she can continue to ride as long as she wishes without a wait time..Love it!
The price was reasonable....Got it when they said I would. It was exactly what I wanted and needed. I was very excited to get it along with my kids as well.
Works really great and last a long time easy to charge. Sometimes I wish it would run down faster lol.
I felt pretty stupid when, after reading several bad reviews here, I bought this battery anyway and it only ran for 5 minutes after recharging it the first time.  My husband tested the charger to ensure it was functioning properly and then took the battery to a local battery specialty store for testing, which confirmed the battery was perfectly fine.  Then upon returning home he discovered the switch on the power bar on the back of his workbench had been accidently flipped to the off position.  Our original and back up batteries have both been recharging and functioning perfectly ever since.I'm posting this review as a reminder to other people to check every possibility, including having the battery tested, before assuming their battery is bad.
I was hesitant to order a new battery--fearful that might not be the problem, but it was!  I'm thrilled that my grandsons will get even more mileage on that old jeep!
Replaced the original with this one.  It is awesome.  Holds charge well, fits in the original compartment and uses the same connector.
I am very happy with my purchase of the Power Wheels 12-Volt Battery. Better price than I had found on E-bay. Shipping was a bit slow with the free shipping but overall I am very satisfied with my product,price and service.
The Grandkids love the new battery; car was just mopping along now it runs great on grass and up small inclines, on hard surfaces it's spinning wheels like crazy it also carries 2 kids with no problem and charge last a lot longer it use to run out in about 45 minutes they run it twice as long now and charge is still good has not gone dead yet.Lucille
It was only good for one charge I keep it indoors and charged according to manual did everything and it just died on me Don't buy this maybe is not a good idea for amazon to sell this item, is I don't know the good thing about all this is that amazon gave me a credit for this after hearing my complain this company really has a great costumer service.
A huge disapointment that the bateries change configuration from one year to another. We bought this battery and it did not fit in the car plug. Because it's considered hazardous material it can not be returned and we lost $78 on it.
The battery is perfect and works fine. I'm very satisfied. The price is unbelievable. My kids is so happy. I recommend.
I bought one of these batteries back in 2011, and I am just now having to replace it. Living in the desert can be brutal on batteries, but this one has proven well worth the money.
So happy I purchased.  My three old grandson is delighted that we don't have to worry about the battery running out on his four wheeler since we now have a spare.
So disappointed with how these batteries handle charge if you don't care of it everyday like a child. Have only owned the battery for 6 months or so and it's already dead.
We bought a Barbie Jeep from the want ads and all it needed was a new battery!  I was glad that we found one for a good price.
We've had this battery for about 3 months now and I must say I only charged it once!  I know I know it's bad for it but we forgot that it was in the car and the kids jumped in it last week and drove around for an hour then we forgot about it again. Then they drove another 45 minutes yesterday and it worked just fine.  It was wet several times (when it rained) and just keeps going.  We finally recharged it fully last night and, behold, it works perfect!  I would highly recommend this battery to anyone looking for a power wheels replacement.
Received in perfect condition supper fast and fully charged.  Pulled it out of the package and dropped it in the jeep the girls were driving around the yard and as happy as can be.
Didnt get to use it that much at first so put it up for the winter and not that spring is here again it will not stay charger at all!!!
The battery stays charged for a very long time. You get tired of watching the kids before the battery goes dead.
This was an excellent purchase at a great price!!!  Product is excellent!  This was just the right product I needed.
Bought 2 new batteries for my children's ride on toys at almost $60 each.  Received the product just fine but after 18+ hours charging, they are only holding a charge for 2-3 minutes.  Contacted Amazon.com...so sorry, past the few days of return/exchange policy. Told to call the manufacturer, now have to ship them (My expense).  Bad experience is what makes buying on line a risk
I purchased two of these 12 volt batteries for two different ride on toys and one of the batteries failed to take a charge and work after the first use. ($50+ down the drain).  You are taking a little bit of a gamble buying online but it's almost 50% cheaper than retail stores.  Please note that Amazon will not accept batteries as a return and some of the companies that sell their products on Amazon require return processing within 15 days.  My advice is to charge your battery properly and use it as soon as you get it so that you can take action quickly if the battery does not work.
nothing exciting here. it works. it takes a charge. i own two and charge one while the other is in use. doesn't seem to run long w/o needing a new charge. i'll probably buy another...idk if i have alternatives.
I searched through many big box and specialty stores in Houston, TX. trying to locate the 12 volt battery, not the smaller 6 volt .I finally found just what I required online. The item arrived quickly.
Wouldn't charge after 4 months of use , it's best to buy it from any store that offers extended warranty.
I shopped around searching many websites and retailers and by far this was the best deal i was able to find for this OEM battery.
Battery charges just fine and lasts quite a while. My son plays with jeep every weekend at grandmas and its ready to go when he hops in. Maybe needs a charge once every month or two.
We got a free jeep that worked for years, then the battery died. Replaced it with this and has been working great, worth the price.
My daughter has a power wheels car that needed a new battery, I purchased this one.  It arrived and I charged it per instructions.  It worked great until we had to charge it again...it hasn't worked since.  Cannot be returned or replaced.  Too expensive of an item to not work and not be able to replace.
I was a little concerned after reading the reviews but I really needed a new one for my son's power wheels car, so I decided to give it a try, I've followed the instructions and works great, Charges very nice, no complains. I Recommend this product.
we bought this for the power wheels fire truck but it doesnt really work that great. expensive for a battery.
this battery is awesome!! We love it! We got an old used jeep from our neighbor for free & just had to buy the battery & it makes the jeep go soo fast I was shocked!!!! lol its so much fun watching my son play on his jeep. The battery lasts days before we have to charge it again its great!
item was excellent..  packaging was damaged in transit. likely due to fact that the item was much heavier than expected for the size.  outer box was damaged in corner, all air bags inside were deflatted and there was mnor cosmetic damage to battery itself.  Recommend warning label on small boxes that are heavy for the size
Waste of money my battery charged only twice for appropriate amount of time and battery is now just plain dead
i choose a 5 star cause it made my nephew get to ride his power car there nothing to dislike about it and yes i would reommend my friend
This battery was a great value!  It came fully charged and once installed had the older model Power Wheels Jeep working as though it was brand new.
Bought this as a replacement, works great all summer, I think this is a safe buy have not had any trouble with it not recharging or a minimal charge and I have accidentally left it plugged in over night on a few occasions, I would recommend getting it.
This battery gave life to our Dora Four Wheeler. The old battery lasted 7 years. Hope this one lasts half that long!
this is a good product but beware that they are dead upon arrival and have to be charged for a minimum of 72 hours straight no short cuts to get the full advantage out of them.
You had the best deal and worked perfect! Our son was very pleased to have a working jeep again! Thank you!
Much cheaper than toy store  ,does outstanding performance.
We needed a new battery for our Barbie Jeep.  This was the least expensive battery we found and it arrived in time and works great.
The battery was a little dented in some spots and it did not come in a box so we thought it was refurbished.  But it works, fully charged goes about 2 hours before we need to charge the battery again.
We bought this battery to replace our old one in our girls jeep powerwheels.  we had it over 4 years when it finally died.  these batteries may be pricey but are totally worth it!!!  They really last!
I charged the battery per the mfg instructions, hooked it up and it works great!  Got the Jeep from a friend and all it needed was a new battery.  The battery costs a bit, but what a difference it makes with riding time between charges.  My son now rides for a long time without having to re-charge the battery.  Worth the money!!
They work really well--each battery gives about an hour of life to a Powerwheel. They seem to recharge pretty quickly too---a few hours or so.
I really didn't expect any problems out of these batteries. We purchased these as a replacement battery for our children's Power Wheel toys. We got an excellent price and, as we figured, they are great and hold their charge well. Would buy here again, if needed.
My husband had bought two replacement batteries through "Amazon.com LLC" in 2011 and both failed shortly after. I told him to return them, but he said the return policy seemed complicated and he neglected to do it. This year I ordered one battery from Seneca River Trading and took a picture of the battery ID number on my phone so I could keep track of the new and old batteries. We charged it fully and the kids took off in their Power Wheels toy - for the first day. Once they wore it out, we placed it on the charger that night and attempted to take the toy out again the next day - It barely moved. I switched outlets and let it charge again overnight. It still won't power the toy out of the garage. I purchased this on 7/26/13. I sent them an email about their return "Criteria" which states :"In order for us to accept a return it must meet out criteria. As long as the item is returned within 30 days in the original condition. Meaning it can not be opened or used. If we feel the return criteria has not been met we will notify you. Please email if you have a concern with the return criteria or question about your order."It goes on to explain the refund procedure which also means that once you ship it back, it is up to the company to give you your money back after they perform a test evaluation.  And just for the heck of it my battery number is 1423PM2 in case I ship it back and someone else may get it someday. I am beginning to believe that these companies might sell recycled batteries and don't advertise that. I will have to purchase the darn $90 Fisher Price battery from Toys R Us to actually have the kids enjoy their toys.
Bought to replace my daughters battery from her mustang and used it 2 times and it won't work now have charged as the directions say and it won't work! Really sad my daughter won't be able to ride.
Great product and very accurate on receiv ing time. Our jeep was not working for over a year, we couldn't find the battery in any store. Now my girls are enyoing it again, it works perfect.
At first we were so glad that this rechargable battery is still available from Amazon for my son's Jeep Wrangler. It was also cheaper than ones sold by ToysRUS.  After a few weeks of use, the battery died and would not recharge, despite numerous attempts.  We finally gave up and requested a refund because the battery was defective.  Considering now to get rid of the Jeep. . . . .
This works in my Daughters Barbie jeep and it is excellent replacement batery and worth the money savings by waiting 2-3 days to ship it here.
I enjoyed the information that came with the battery. It also came with a pre charge to be able to see if the problem was the battery or the Power Wheels itself. The company provided alot of info. I bought the toy used and supposedly the battery was dead. When I got the new one it powered the toy right up. Scared my granddaughter so bad she won't go near it. But hey its runs and with the price of gas I might start driving it to work.
Got the white battery with grey top. Has been working as expected. The 3 yr old boy has been riding the powerwheel car with a fully charged battery for about 1 hr after a full charge. As indicated, we fully charge the battery after every other 1 hr ride and it delivers all the power to leave the boy happy for an hr.
This battery is just what I needed for my granddaughters car. It shipped fast and delivery was faster than I had thought it would be. I charged it up, installed it in the car and off she drove...Great product..Great service..
This is the best battery for your power wheels. Fits exactly, looks identical to the one in the description, my son is so happy using his power wheels again. Do not hesitate to buy it.. I guarantee that this a very good quality product... plus customer service is very responsive.... just buy this battery...
The battery's working fine, it says to charge it every day, but I do it every couple of days. But the jeep runs fine with it.
suggested to give more time with toy.  back up battery for more play time.  happy with the product so far
We loved dealing with Amazon and as for having your item guaranteed as well.  We will always use Amazon.
We bought this battery 2 weeks ago and it worked well.  Now it is no longer holding a charge.  Very dissappointed in our purchase:(
Fisher Price is always a company you can count on. The last battery lasted 5 yrs. We look forward to 5 more with the new one!
Product worked one time (just fine) and then never worked again.  Called/wrote to get an exchange and company stated that there were no exchanges or refunds on batteries.  Very very lame.  Still working on getting money back or exchange of product.  Buy at your own risk!
good
NOT a good purchase.I should have read the reviews first. This battery lasted exactly one charge for me when the original lasted well over 4 years. I have not overcharged the battery and I have followed the manual instructions. Now I wasted $50 since Amazon will not take it back (hazardous material).
Worked right out of the box, charged the battery as instructed, installed it intothe vehicle with excellent results....would recommend this product to everyone!
I was totally pleased with the price,ease in purchasing,prompt shipping and quality of this name brand product.Couldn't be happier. This Power Wheels 12-Volt Rechargeable Battery was exactly what I was looking for at the lowest price I could find anywhere.
This is a great price for this replacement battery.  We left our jeep in a freezing cold shed all winter because we didn't read the directions.  The battery needs to be stored in a warm place when not in use...oops!
this replacement battery did not meet original battery standards.  It's for an ATV.  This battery limits rider to level and solid ground, not like the original.  too many failsafes built in.
Works perfect!  Our girls are happy they can drive their Barbie Jeep again!  They put lots of hours on it over the weekend.
Works perfectly, just what I was looking for.  We had a very old Jeep for our three year old with a battery that wouldn't charge, with the new battery the Jeep runs like it is brand new.
This was such a pleasant surprise.  The price was out of this world.  The battery perfect.  The best part?  I received the battery 2 DAYS later!!  So impressed, I just ordered another one!!!
We bought the Power Wheels Arctic Cat for our kids and the first battery worked great for awhile and then one day just died. We saw a small chip on the battery corner guessed that the kids had mishandled the battery. We were frustrated with them but hey my son is 7 and when the battery ran out of juice he would take it out and recharge. So we bought a new battery, plugged it in and all was well. Winter came so we stored the battery indoors and took it out this summer, charged it and guess what? The car is not working-DEAD battery well that is the only thing we can guess. Car looks brand new and several hundred dollars later will have to be sent to the dump after only a year of use. Battery is in perfect condition. Save your money and buy something else!
The battery works. The onyl thing that sucked was after i ordered this I was given an a battery for free. I tried to cancell the order but it was too late, and come to find out you can't retutrn batteries.
This battery was great for about two charge cycles...I charged it 18 hours the first time like the instructions said to do.  Jeep ran great for about the expected two hours or so...Charged it again that night for 14 hours...ran great again...The third day, I charged it for 14 hours again and hooked it up to the jeep and NOTHING ...I followed all of the instructions to a T.  What a piece of JUNK.  Power Wheels should be ashamed of themselves for selling such an awful product and doing nothing about it.
This product is excllent.It holds its charage real well.I would recomend this product to any one. Quick Delivery service by this company .  OLIN JEFFERS.
I can not rate how long this battery will last. Only time will tell. I can say that I looked everywhere (walmart,  Batterys Plus, kmart, Rural king, even auto stores because of a recommendation from someone). The prices was crazy. 80 to 90 to replace. We only spent 50.00 on the actual powerwheel car used. Was trying to get it quick for my sons birthday party. Almost gave up until we found this seller on amazon. They shipped it by the time of the birthday so we could get it charged and ready. Was only about 50.00 for the battery. That let us use the rest of our money for other party things we needed.  The battery didn't have any instructions on how long to charge for first time so we called batteries plus and they said 18 hrs. Works great. Just snapped right in. Does not come with a charger but we already had one. Shipping was super fast. Will use them again.
I and my grandson were very pleased with this battery! I would recommend ordering this to anyone! The price was better than I could find locally as well!!
This is a great product for the price it was half the price of walmart's and was delivered really fast. I would recommend .
If you want to donate $48 to the seller so that you can dispose of a battery in your local area then this is the purchase for you.The battery arrived on time, but poorly packaged. It was sent in its original shelf box, wrapped only with shrink wrap. The battery was discolored and looked old. The ad does say that the battery is expired and tested before shipped. When I tried to use it, it would not work and my charger indicated it was a bad battery. I contact the seller about a refund, and they refused.
No problems with this battery. Have only used it twice but so far so good. Would recommend to have as a back up for battery operated kids cars
Excellent price compared to local stores. Now my little barbie jeep is zoomin! and so are my grandchildren. :) I'm very pleased with this purchase.
Pefect fit. Just what I needed. Received on time as advised.Grandkids are using the firetruck as I write and having a blast.
it is exactly what I wanted and it works perfect in car and for less money than most places-however seller would not leave feedback after they ask for me to and I did.
It's great to have a battery for the grandkids to ride their power wheels toys.  Excellent product and excellent service.
Needed a new battery for child's car.  Had minimal wait period and she was zooming down the sidewalk with the wind in her hair laughing all the way.Another great experience with Amazon.com.
We haven't needed it  yet, but will come in hand some day our grandson runs the first battery down and wants  to keep on running.
Item arrived in about 10 days. Perfect fit and is still holding a charge or taking a charge.  I have 4 Granddaughters who love to drive their &#34;car&#34;.
it came as promised and works as it should. our kids are once again thrilled with riding their Barbie Jeep.
i purchased this a a replacement battery and it works awesome i am very please now my 2 kids can ride their motos!
I purchased a battery that does not work and I am unable to return to return it... suggestion do not buy any batteries online
I bought this battery as a replacement in a 5 year old Power Wheels motorcycle. This battery holds a charge for a much longer time than I thought it would. My granddaughter and her mom go all around their neighborhood with plenty of power to spare. I would recommend this battery to others. I don't know if I was supposed to, but I charged this battery before I used it.
Having a second, stand-by battery is a must. Keeps a good long charge, even when running the Powerwheels on High, the fast speed all the time.
just what I ordered and needed  car is going fine.  grandson is very happy with his car running again so well
I have had the Power Wheels car for over 3 years and the battery is still strong.I have the battery charged after every use and monthly when not used. When charging I always remember the cardinal rule of "CHARGE FOR A MINIMUM OF 14 HOURS AND A MAXIMUM OF 30 HOURS".
Purchased this battery as a replacement for my kids barbie jeep (our battery stopped working - we got 4 great years out of that one).  we used this replacement once and it worked great.  We used it a second time and only got a short charge out of it.  The third time I tried to use it, it wouldn't work!!!  $70 for 2 uses!!! That just plain sucks!! What a scam.  Don't purchase one of these!!!  I hope Amazon will decide to refund me on this!
Item was delivered immediately and was exactly as advertised! Very pleased as the grandkids loved the car and were able to drive it around the neighborhood!
Got the battery and put it in right out of box and was up and running again.  After it dies I will give it a full charge.
This was just what we needed to get the grandkids little car going, they drove it around for hours, and had a blast
I bought this as a back up for a 12V Power Wheels Ford Raptor. I followed the directions as to the initial charge, and continue to charge per the instructions.
This was just what my lil girls four wheeler needed it fit perfect and was already charged ready to go
Got an older Hot Wheels Mustang. It came with both battery & charger but batter was no good. Checked Fisher-Price. Did not want to pay that price. Checked Ebay did not want to play the wait and see game of bidding. Thought I would try Amazon not sure if there would be anything like it there. Bingo found you and was very very happy with price , shipping cost & time. I was confident it would be new. Battery charged up fast and my granddaughter had a great time . Thank You
I am happy to find a new battery oem replacement for an older vehicle such as this. Works great. Kids love it.
Worked great in an older model of Jeep. Charges great and seems to charge fast. Still working after having it for about 6 mos.
I had to order a new battery for my daughter's Barbie Jeep.  The other one fizzled out after 5 years of having it.  It works fine.
iT KEEP IT CHARGE AND OUT GREAT GRANDSON FOUR WHEEL RUNS LONGER ON ONE SINGLE CHARGE. tHANKS aMAZON FOR MAKING IT AFFORDABLE.
Product came in earlier than expected and was exactly what it said it was. Only had it a short time but works great!
Because of rigid Federal Regulations, the batteries, although unused, cannot be returned safely because of the chemicals contained.  How did they get here, fly???It is sad indeed, with the economy as it is, to make money in this fashion.  Although I ordered it from Amazon.com, on the internet, surely the battery producers don't personally drive their products to the consumers.  This was an accidental duplicate order, and, with all related charges, run about $48.00.  The only problem is, I ordered 1 (1) I thought, but received two. Since it was delivered by UPS, then why can't they be safely returned in the same manner?  Surely UPS follows the same regs applicable to all of the rest of us.  It's just not fair, especially at this time of the year, but it's only a few dollars right?
We were given a used monster truck that my son just had to have. It needed a new battery though so I thought I'd take my chances. And awesome! It worked. Battery was brand new when it got here. Can't say much for the broken box it was shipped in but the battery was charged that night and it lasted 3 days with my 6 yr old twins. We've only had to charge it twice so far since school started up. But other than that I can't say enough!!! We love it! And it was a great price, was on time by the vendor and used quite often on sunny days!
The battery arrived in perfect condition, on time and within the manufacturer's packaging.Absolutely satisfied with the service of all, amazon, the delivery company and the manufacturer.
So far so good.  Kids are rolling around the neighbor like bosses. Charged real fast and keeps the charges too.  Thanks..
Works as advertised which is all I could ask. The price was as low as I could find so while it's still expensive, it's worth it. The car has been going strong all year.
Charged right up and the kids were riding in a couple of hours.  Love the power wheel drag races. Yaaa
Just got my replacement battery yesterday. Charged it up according to the instruction and put in sons esclade. Wow talk about wakeing up an old toy. He has rode most of the day and it's still going strong.
Another Fisher Price hit! My grandson has a 4x4 (we received as a hand-me-down) and runs it daily on high. This battery charges and holds a charge well.
Ordered this battery & it would charge up unit for about an hour then die again. Thought it might be the motorcycle. Went and bought another battery it charged and works fine. Very disappointed in battery & the fact that Amazon want stand behind this.
But it is a lot cheaper than replacing a $300 power wheels.  Had for a few months and runs for quite a while.
Exactly what I needed and it came charged so my son could use it right away.  Best price I found and came faster than expected. Good shipping too.
Original product - great choice for replacement.  WOrks great, kids love the car!  Saved aorund 30 - 35% via Amazon.
This is a 100% direct replacement - just needed to charge it and drop it in the vehicle.  Power Wheel ran for a long time on the charge as the existing battery recharge life was getting short.
People have complained about these batteries being out of date or defective. This was a new battery (the expiration date was stamped on it) and we've been charging it each month for 12 hours and it's holding up wonderfully. What a relief, there have been such strange reviews.
I purchased this battery as well as a 12 volt battery charger and one of the two or both are not working.
This battery definitely is needed when the grandchildren's power cars go down. It was a very good investment and our 4 year old grandson watched and explained to his grandmother how grandpa hooks it up to charge the car, since Grandpa wasn't home to do it one day.
Amazon offers this battery cheaper than anywhere else and, with Amazon Prime, purchasing it was a no brainer.  Make sure you follow the instructions carefully and charge the battery for at least 18 hours the first time.  Hooked it up to the car and the battery performed flawlessly.
Hello everyone, I just wanted to give my review on this battery. I have had no luck with 2 of these batteries. I have followed the instructions exactly as they came with. The first battery I thought MAYBE was due to operator error on my wife's behalf, but this second battery failed also. This is what has happened to me.. Fist charge was completed as instructed before operation as required and it lasted about 2 hours. We placed the unit back on the charger for the instructed time and it lasted for less than 3 minutes.The only good thing about all this was that they did refund our money.I would say if you do buy this battery dont get your hopes up and for those of you that have had luck with them..well guess you've been one of the luck few.
The battery works as it should, discharges as used and recharges when charged.  I would buy this product again. word.
Bought a battery for a ride in toy great buy was cheaper than most other places.Thanks Amazon for being a place I can purchas something for a great value.
This worked as soon as I plugged it in! kids were off and going in the Jeep. No problems  at all.
As long as it make my grand-daughter happy because she can drive her Barbie car.
Excellent Product.. First replacement from the originial battery. Came fully charged and ready for spring &#34;Jeeping&#34;.Good for another four years plus..!!
Just what we needed and just in time too!An cd Ed hh ik kl mn op we st uv ex yz
Purchased a Hot Wheel from a garage sale in good working condition but the battery didn't last long. As always shipping was quick and the new battery was so much more powerful, I had to make sure my nephew kept the Hot Wheel in the lower speed because it had so much power!
Exactly what my daughter's power wheel needed! Holds a charge forever! Make sure you follow the initial charging instructions so that the battery lasts.
i got this about 3 days after i ordered it, exactly what i ordered, I was extremely happy, and my grandkid is riding four wheeler everyday!!!
Great 12 volt battery for Cadilac Escalade power wheels!! Came on time and was packaged properly and safely, will get future big volt batteries from here most definitely :)
Our son is super happy to have some power in his jeep again. The original battery made it about 2 years before it needed to be replaced. He can ride all day now instead of 20 like before.
Product is very good, and much cheaper going through Amazon than it was when I purchased one last time at our local &#34;big box store.&#34;
Works great. We needed new battery for our old jeep. And this is working just fine. Kids are happy to drive the car again
A friend gave us a Fisher Price car, but the battery included wasn't holding a charge.  I searched for the model type on Amazon, found this replacement battery, and about a week later, my kids were having a blast driving around the backyard with their friends, thanks to this new one.  Smooth and accurate process!
I needed to replace the origanil battery that can with my 6 year old daughters Hot Wheels ATV, as the battery had been overcharged to many times and would not hold a charge any more.  This new batter is an exact match to the original one. Great product, works great and now my daughter is out and riding again
We charged per the instructions, and we got about 3 runs of this battery.  Now we charge it, and it lasts a few minutes.  And we cannot return it because it is a hazardous material.  Very frustrated.
This purchase was for a new battery for the kid's Power Wheels jeep.  The batter is powerful, enough so as to transport two five year olds up a hill.  The kids are having a wonderful time driving their jeep around the yard.
The battery is in great shapeNo problems what so ever
I bought this battery for an old power wheels hummer.  Unfortunately it did not fit my fault for not doing better research.  I immediately tried to return it and amazon said it was not allowed because a battery is hazardous material.  Yet it's not hazardous enough for them to mail it too you.  Also the actual battery company was impossible to get in contact with... I do not recommend buying this off amazon go to a store
got what I order nice and quick! so it met my expectations so I am very happy with this purchase!
It only took me 1 month of non-aggressive usage (it was used maybe 10 times max) for this battery to become worthless and completely lose the charge in 2 minutes
Got the battery in a couple of weeks ago.  Works great!  Just remember not to let the charger remain on it for more than 24 hours.
my 4 year old is up and driving again his yard sale purchase of a Car's Lighting McQueen sports car is like brand new again thanks to this replacement battery much cheaper to replace the battery that buy a whole new car
When we purchased a Barbie Power Wheels 4-wheeler for our granddaughter the battery charge was more than enough for the low speed she was riding.  After the speed was turned up though the battery didn't last near as long so she would be very disappoined when she had to wait for it to recharge.  An extra battery allows us to always have one charged and ready to ride.  Happy granddaughter = happy Grandma!
I should of listened to the other reviews. Please avoid this battery at all cost. It lasted my kids for about four hours. The battery was charge according to manufacturers instructions and Still didn't work. If your looking at buying a battery for your power wheels product, I would first dump Fisher Price and go with a regular rechargeable 12 volt battery. No sense in contacting this company, do to their size they probably don't care about customer satisfaction.
Bought this for a ten year old Power Wheels riding toy that was given to us. It holds it's charge well. Very powerful. Easy to use.
this is a replacement battery for a barbie jeep. plugged in and ready to go. great value, much less than other stores.
Purchased this product about a year ago- still running good. I checked the reviews before purchasing this product, that was helpful. I am very happy with this battery.
Check the reviews they are all correct when they say that this battery will not recharge it works only 1 time after that it works at about 10 percent only last for about 10 15 minutes tops... it's a shame that they are able to screw all these people over who have bought this battery and had the same problem that I did I actually put it on a timer to make sure I did not over charge the battery.. I should have listened to all the bad reviews on this battery
It worked, so we a happy with that.......a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
This replacement battery was half price compared to the manufacturers website. I'm so glad I thought to check amazon. You can find just about anything here!
Great buy at a great price. My daughter was very excited to be able to ride her Barbie Jeep again.
Battery was ok until it needed to be charged. It is only a couple months old and it does not hold a charge any more. BUYER BEWARE.
I  bought this battery for my granddaughters Barbie jeep that she hasn't been able to ride for a long time and she was thrilled to finally be able to play with it
I am so glad they sell these. We got a Power Wheel for my son from a friend, but it didn't have a battery. So I bought it on here, cheaper than it was from Fisher Price and it works great.
Power Wheels 12-Volt Rechargeable Battery thank you for your prompt delivery. My grand daughter is very happy withbeing able to ride her brothers 4 wheeler.
the 12-volt Rechargeable battery we received in perfect condition charged it put in my grandson power wheel and it workes just like new thank you
Battery will not hold a charge and batteries are not returnable so I am stuck with a dead battery and out the money I paid for it!!!!!  Buy from a local store!!!!!
Received it quickly and it works great.  Charges beautifully and keeps the Barbie Jeep rolling along.  Would definitely buy again.
Thank for you for prompt delivery and a fantastic price.  It would cost me $74 to purchase it from Wal-Mart plus I would have had to drive there.  It got my daughter's Jeep running again and she has been thrilled to be back to cruisin.
works great son can now ride his jeep and is tickled this one is like $20 cheaper buying it off here then like going to walmart so im happy 2!
I purchased this for my oldest grandsons 10 years ago and now my youngest, 2 & 3 are having a blast with the Jeep with its new battery....They love it as much as the older ones did.  Yes, they run into every tree in the yard but until they learn how to steer, at least they have learned to take their foot off the accelerator...AND how to go in revers, so they can hit them going backwards as well!!!!  The last battery lasted 10 years so you do get your money's worth.
12 volt rechargeable battery was just what was needed to get the jeep up and running again.  Perfect replacement battery.
I don't know why they are having me rate a battery for a toy, but here goes. It's a battery. I charged it and it is now operating a Pink Barbie Powerwheels Jeep much to my daughter's delight. It arrived when they said it would and the price was right. There you go!
I have it for more than a year, and it wook very well. My daughter very enjoy her car very much because the battery is holding good power.
Arrived in a timley manner and works for our old power wheels Jeep! Has plenty of juice after charging and has lasted.
Very good battery it fit in the jeep and holds good charge the price was a deal if any one is looking you can't beat this thanks
Works great.  Holding up well and wish there was room for two on the vehicle so the little guy could ride a little longer.
Thanks! needed replacement and came super fast without hassle!  Love it!  Replacement works great, and the kids are off and running!
I ordered 2 of the Power Wheels 12-volt rechargeable batteries and both work great. I'm unsure of the reviews saying they don't hold a charge because I have had no problems with them. If you follow the directions for charging you will be fine.
Great product and much cheaper than in stores. It worked exactly like I expected it too and was brand new.
Good replacement battery. Came in a padded envelope, no damage. Was about 3/4 way charged. I found that best way to charge it is together with a amp meter. Just plug the charger into amp meter and when the amps go to zero, its charged, and can be disconnected. The charger that came with my sons Power wheels has only one light and it stays on regardless if the battery is fully charged or not. Charge it every time after every use, to get maximum out of the battery life cycle. If not in use for a longer period of time, take it out of the toy after full charge, don't expose to exrteme heat or cold, and it will live a long life.
My child has been using her jeep with the new battery for over a month.  We have had no issues with it and seems to hold a charge for as long as needed if we charge the battery after each day.  The only downside is that it should be charged for 18 hours after each use and needs to be charged everymonth if the battery is not being used.  If the battery completely drains it will not recharge again.
Great job on making packaging easily compostableThank you for not using plastic. The cardboard will decompose quickly whereas plastic would be around forever and would not get reused
It has held up nice and is significantly cheaper than ones you will find in the store. Even including the price of shipping, it comes out cheaper. I think this battery is actually higher quality than the one I originally got with the power wheels I purchased. Definitely a great buy.
work fine fit well charge well  kids love it and happy.  ride all over yard and parks will order again
It gave new life to our 8 yr old power wheels jeep. I know the last battery lasted over 5 yrs.
Great price, used it in my kids motorcycle. They have a blast. Would definitely recommend. I didn't find a cheaper price than this.
The battery was received within 5 days. Charged the battery as instructed. Inserted the battery into our Fisher Price toy.....let me say should of listen to other reviews. Battery worked for an hour max and would not charged!! Going to our local Toysrus to purchase the battery since I can return it to the store. Also, i noticed the battery that was sent to my had an expiratin date of 1/2013. !!!
This battery is of great quality, I will  definitely order another one. I give this item  a perfect resting !
Keeps good charge, lasts long time as long as you don't forget about it and overcharge it. Overcharging ruins the battery.
Works really good, but, I really don't know how long it will run before you have to charge it because my Grandaughter is afraid to ride in the Barbie jeep. She's only 2 years old and it scares her when it starts to go. Maybe next year!!!
Just as described...this looks like a original Power Wheel battery...fit right in after it was charged up and ran the 4 wheeler just fine...no complaints..of course, don't know how well it will last...just seemed a bit high priced....like everything else, I guess...
I had a problem with this battery, I contacted the seller immediately and they issued a full refund.  Not pleased by the fact I got a defective battery, but I am extremely happy (and surprised) by the fantastic customer service.  I highly recommend doing business with these folks, they get what great customer service is!
this batteryis the exact battery for the barbie escalade powerwheels. Received it when they said I would. I was  very satisfied
Works great! Kids play with it like when it was new. Keeps the charge for a good long time. Very satisfied.
Got this battery to replace the original after 3 years of hard use by my (now) six year old. The Battery worked great. No problems.
The ammazon cross sell recommend i purchase this batter with the 12V Black Mercedes Benz G-Class Battery Operated Ride-on Toy Car, BEWARE this is not to correct type of batter for that Vehicle.  I wasted$60+!  Apparently you can not return BATTERIES!
I purchased this battery to use in a kids Dora/Diego quad and worked great.  This battery is the same type of technology used in car batteries and it works best when fully charged.  I typically charge after each use of the quad and the battery seems to work very well.  I recommend that you buy the quick charger that comes with an indicator for battery status.  The old charger takes like a whole day to get an adequate charge.
Came in perfect condition. Works perfectly. Very happy with this battery. Holds charge very well. My son has gotten great use out of it.
Purchased battery from Amazon when original battery only lasted about 4 months. New battery lasted two days, and yes, the reviews are right, you cannot ship it back to Amazon as it is considered hazardous.  We charged the battery according to instructions from the get-go, and so that wasn't the problem.  I then bought a new charger, and that expense proved to me both the old and new batteries were dead, and the original charger probably wasn't the problem. Called Fisher Price, and they didn't act surprised in the least. They took the info and gave me the address of a place where I was to take the dead new battery and exchange it.  That trip involved a van loaded with 3 kids which got stuck in a traffic jam.  When I got to the store, their new shipment of batteries hadn't come in as scheduled.  The man was nice enough to locate a battery in the store, and I have no idea if it is new or used... he did test it before he gave it to me, and it has worked in the dune racer today.I wouldn't recommend purchasing this product from Amazon. The reviews I read were all over the spectrum, with many folks having an experience similar to mine.  Save aggravation and go to a store which will test the battery before you purchase it.  It will save you all sorts of aggravation. And now I have two chargers, and didn't even investigate whether I could return the new one (probably not) since it was used one time.
Our garage door had not been able to go all the way up since we installed it. This extension solved the problem.
The product was exactly what was needed for my application.Shipping notification was provided, timely shipment, easy installation.
I purchased this unit years ago and it still works just fine. I suppose the power could be a little cleaner but I used it to run a PC in my mini van and he kids enjoyed watching movies on my 23&#34; monitor. I still had power for my laptop at the same time.
I'VE BEEN A BRICK LAYER FOR OVER 30 YEARS &quot;AND&quot; THIS R-117 BOX IS THE STRONGEST BOX I'VE EVER SEEN. EVERYDAY I FILL THIS BOX WITH THE HEAVIEST SAWS AND HAMMERS YOU CAN GET AND STILL NOT A DAMN DENT. &quot;KNAACK IS STRONGER THAN HELL&quot;  AND I'M PROUD TO BE A LOYAL OWNER!  JOE  LAKEWOOD COLORADO  &quot;JD MASONRY&quot;
I recently installed this box on a late model F-150, x-tra cab, 6-1/2' styleside. Here are a few installation tips that aren't in the instructions.Before placing the box on the truck, adjust the gas struts to the lowest position. This will prevent the lid from hitting the rear window trim, which juts out on F-150's. There's an adjustment nut at the bottom of each one. The box can then be installed all the way forward. I used regular nuts until I got things just right, then removed them and installed the locknuts (one at a time). This made the installation much easier. The plastic washers will keep the "J" bolts from falling out once they're positioned. The instructions call for some drilling, but with a little ingenuity, or a small child to help you, the two front "J" bolts will hook into the 1/2" holes located in the front of the bed. They are long enough, but there isn't much room under there, so the kid can help you get the bolts through the holes and hold them in position. You'll have to leave the gas struts adjusted all the way down, but the lid still opens far enough.I believe this is the highest quality truck box of its type.Installation is quick and easy. The interior mechanisms and gas struts are surrounded by protective shields. The steel tray has slots in the side that fit over tabs on the box to keep it from sliding. The latch buttons are easily accessable, even on a 4wd truck, and it has a thick clearcoat that should keep it new looking.
This is the best box going. I looked long and hard before purchasing a Weather Guard 117. It is eight inches wider than most standard boxes which helps for those extra tools that you want to have on the job. The red push button is easy to opperate even when your hands are full of tools. It has compartments on the bedrail for those handy items that always seem to find their way to the bottom of other boxes. I looked at Dee Zee, Delta and other popular brands but none had the quality and conviences that Weather Guard puts into their boxes.
For the wattage, this is one dependable stout system.  I live in So. Maryland where the power goes out 2-3 times a year.  I rewired a sub panel with a generator switchover (for safety) and an external all weather plug.  I brazed on an generic automotic muffler so it's VERY quiet.  My 12 year old can safely setup the generator and switch the essential house circuits over in 5 mins.  I regret not getting a larger wattage output, but for this size it definately does the job!  Highly recommend.Steve
I bought this product for my trip to Britian so that I could re-charge the two sets of AA's that I bought for my digital.  This product kept my batteries charged.  It does take about 6 hours to charge my 1600's, but for my needs this was a great purchase.
This was a give-away when I bought the Kodak 280 Digital.  After about 25 charges it now only charges the batteries halfway.  One can certainly tell why it was a freebe.
I bought this product plus 2 Kodak AAA rechargeables for my Handspring Visor. I've only had this item for 3 months and already it has stopped working. The green light that indicates that the recharger is working--has STOPPED. Therefore it will not recharge the batteries at all. I'm stuck with a crappy product and am going to return it to the manufacturer. DO NOT BE FOOLED!! i bought this item based on the reveiws here at Amazon and apparently they were not thorough enough. Save your money and don't waste your time on this product by Kodak. Btw, Handspring also recommends that you do NOT use rechargeable batteries for the Visor Deluxes. They recommend only alkaline batteries or special rechargeable units that are sold on some obscure site. Ask them; i did and after i bought this Kodak unit i was sadly informed that Visors Deluxes should NOT use rechargeables.
If you have had problems with the Kodak K200 charger you should call Kodak at 1-800-242-2424.  They are very interested and concerned if there are problems with this product.
This is pretty much straight forward. I own a 1974 AMC javelin and it has glass fuses so I got one of these, works great. Buy it for a few bucks, stick it in the glove box and your good to go. You stick it on the glass fuse, twist it counter clockwise and pull, it makes sure you dont break the fuse. Its pretty nifty. If you have these glass tubes then i suggest getting this. It even has the fuse puller for the newer fuses on the oposite end so you can use it for newer cars as well! The only thing that wasnt good was how long it took to ship.
Very happy they make and sell this item it is just what I needed and works well. fits comfortably in my fuse box.
I really like this Fuse Puller.I had been looking for one for sometime. I'm glad that I checked Amazon.Com. I found this Fuse Puller to be very helpful and reasonable in price. I would reccomend this to anyone that is in need of one. It will come in handy and takes up very little space.
Met all expectations - a terrific value - order and deliveryprocessed without a hitch - would definitely recommend forpurchase.
This is such an efficent generator. I wish the Gen unit on my RV was as good.
Just bought what I think is the same unit at Sears (2/1/02)  It is a 4200 watt unit, has a wheel kit with fold down handle, a neat gas guage on top of the fuel tank.  I also believe it has a Honda motor.  Everything says either Sears or Generac on it.  Super quiet.  Tested power output with volt meter and read between 120.4-120.7 volts.  Excellent oil filter/pressurized oil lub system.  Get the twist lock 30 amp plug/cord and use that to get the most power out of the unit.  Have an old Generac unit with Briggs/Stratton motor on it--used it for 10+ years.. Generac builds a great generator!!!
easy to startquiet operationlong runing timesteady voltage no need for a voltage line conditionerprice is right for what you get.
The Genrjunk they put in motor homes are JUNK. I have had mine for 1 1/2yrs and it is going to shop for the 6th time. Was running and the ehaust pipe fell off on Ground. So had to drive 350 miles to get it fixed I hope will know tomorrow have appointment.
I bought this generator from Home Depot about 5 years ago.  The longest single use I got out of it was for a week with hurricane Isabelle-it paid for itself.  Other than that I probably run it 30 hours a year.  I use it to power a 1.5 hp well pump, a refrigerator and the blower on my propane hot water heater.  We can shower, flush and eat-the important things in life!  These three things max it out but get us by. It could have a better wheel/handle design-it's hard to move around.  I had to replace the carbureator (water got in and froze up-my fault) and a low oil pressure switch-which collects sludge and just needed to be cleaned.  The filler cap/gas gauge was useless and the low idle mechanism is screwy.  I added a screw-on oil filter, which it didn't come with, although later models do.  It runs like a champ.  If it meets your needs I'd buy it.  I'm presently on backorder for a 10,000 ($1800) watt, 18 hp Honda engine generator.  My suggestion to anyone buying a generator is-get the chart that comes with  generators and figure out in advance what you want to power and buy accordingly.  Good Luck!Update-11/25/12.  Even champs can let you down.  Based on my info. above I must have bought this in 1998 which makes it 14 years old.  I've been using this, lately, in conjunction with a 10KW generator so that I only used the Generac at night, when there was a power outage, to run the refrigerator since it better on gas.  During Sandy (no power for four days) my Generac died-engine runs great but no electricity.  I brought it into a shop and was told the stator was fried and it would cost more to repair it than it was worth-that assessment costs me $50.Update-3/15/13.  After running an ad on CL, to see if anyone was interested in the parts, I received a helpful response.  There was a local guy, Strasburg, VA, that worked on generators on the side.  He checked it out and determined that the coil was fried.  He was able to double dip (varnish insulation-I was told) a new coil and replace the "iffy" control panel, used, for $300.  So, I'm back  in business.  I thought it was a decent deal considering that a new generator, of this size, costs around $600.  I've checked the voltages (120/240) and it works fine.It pays to have a backup generator when you consider how miserable life in the country can be without power.  With wood heat that's not the issue but no indoor plumbing when the well isn't working is no fun.  Think about the cost of replacing your freezer/refrigerator food and $300 is good insurance over a number of years.
I purchased the same generator 8/93 just in time for the 1994 Northridge Earthquake. I ran the generator 8 hours a day for a week to operate my office without a single problem. Since then I use it when I go camping each month. This gererator performed way beyond my expectation.
Just ran my 400XL for 56 hours straight due to hurricane Isabel and it ran like a champ!  Have had this unit for 3 years and it is quiet and reliable starter.  Runs for just shy of 13 hours on one tank of fuel, while powering my refrigerator, freezer, microwave, sump pump, TV, and living room lights.  This unit never came close to shutting down due to overusage.  I highly recommend this generator.
Starts first pull every time. We bought this Generator to power a Trailer (&amp; house during rotating blackouts). Since the 5th Wheel only requires 30 Amp service, this Generac powers everything at once: A/C, Water Heater, Refrigerator . . .Although it is quieter than our lawn mower, it's still a bit noisy when run all night. We also looked at Honda Generators. In general, they were quieter, but MUCH more expensive. (Would have been 5 stars if it were as quiet as a $1600 Generator).
It's cheap. Pay a little more and get a *real* generator if you plan to use it much. I found it to be noisy and tempermental. Customer support is nonexistent and service is difficult to find... and you *will* need service.The unit advertises an oil filter; however, make sure yours has one. Some units don't! They bolt a plate over the mounting point. I was furious! For a couple more dollars, they could have given me a filter! If it doesn't have one, you must buy an adapter from a Generac dealer and they're proud of them!
This is one of the longest lived generators on the market, having been produced in pretty much the same form for at least 10-12 years, and sold by several other companies with different badging. Good reason. It works very well and it is a great value.Don't waste your money on the 4000EXL version offered by HD for much more $$$. My manual start version(4000XL) has always started in 2 pulls or less. It is not quiet, but is quieter than most, and far quiteter than all but Honda or Yamaha units costing 3X as much. Unit specs seem to be slightly conservative. I have found this unit to perform equally with 2 other generators I own, both of which are rated at 5000 watts continuous/6800 surge. The Generac has a longer run time than either of them, has much more stable voltage output(!!!), and has automatic idle control. It is the better generator but it cost a lot less. I'm very happy.I have to wonder about the reviewers that talked about immediate, massive failures. Briggs & Stratton have been making small engines for years and you would be hard pressed to find more proven technology or experience. I have had no problems at all with engine or generator head.
This is an excellent product that proved and paid for itself several times over during our June, 2000, flood, but you must count on being physically healthy to start it, especially during cold weather. We're saving our pennies to buy an electric start model and are hoping Generac will develop a remote starting option so we can get at the generator through our electric garage door when the power is out.
I purchaced this generator as a back up unit for my home and for camping. It is fairly quiet and real easy on fuel. There is plenty of power for running the AC and anything else at the same time in my camper. Unfortunatly it is very, very hard to get started in cool weather. I have to remove the air filter and use starting fluid to get in running if it is below 50 degrees. The unit has only about 8 hours on it so far and I hope this will get better as it breaks in. It comes with a extra air filter and spark plug (which I tried changing) but didn't make it better.If it was a better starter out in cold weather I would give it 5 stars on its capability and price. This seems to be a complaint I have read before.  That's a big down fall.Update 11/03: After having this generator for 2 seasons I would like to add that starting has been getting better. I called the factory on the inital problem and they refered me to a local servicer. I didn't bring it in though because he couldn't gaurentee free service and had a 45 day wait to get to it. I don't have to go to extremes to start it anymore but I do have to hold the throttle closed for the first 2 pulls and it will usually start within a couple more even at temps down to zero. Running Mobil one oil seems to have helped too. Overall I am happy with my purchase and haven't had any other problems in about 100 hours of use.Update 9/08 Generator runs great after around 600+ hours. Starts without fuss now in 2 pulls even after sitting all winter. This is the Generac motor not B&S; that I see on some new models. Runs perfect and no oil consumption. Did 2 oil changes otherwise 0 maintenance.
Bought 10 years ago, kept in storage until about 3 years ago. Has worked to provide power for bands, backup power for a house and running fine despite all those years of storage.
I purchased one of these units in December of 1999, yes, I was motivated by the Y2K scare but living in the country I needed one anyway and this justified the purchase.  I have experienced other generators in this price class and size in open frames and this is the quiestest and smoothest running.  I start it every few months and all it takes is to open the fuel valve, turn on the choke and pull once!  It comes to life and purrs...well not that quietly.  I have yet to find any generator that is not enclosed in this size/price that is quiet but this is the best.  The automate idle works fine but the idle is still a fast one and I would be interested to find out how much fuel is really preserved by auto-idle.  But it does idle until you put a load on it...even a light bulb!  It comes with a nice cord kit and the wheel set is a plus if you plan to move it without dragging.  The fuel gauge rattles and could use some sort of damping.  The tank will sweat fuel out the lid if it real full and you move it out into the hot sun.  Even after running this machine for over 20 hours over 12 months I find it still looks new...including the muffler! Comes with the battery charger kit.I suspect the engine is really a private labled Honda.I looked at everything and this is a high quality product for the price.
This is supposed to be a premium product (the EXL stands for electric start, extended life and it cost about twice as much as the model with the ordinary engine). Well, it's shipped without a battery and it's a real nuisance figuring out which battery to buy (the type number given in the user's manual simply doesn't exist).  It's also supposed to have an automatic no-load idle function but mine won't run at idle.  I called the Generac hotline and they said that I had an "engine issue" and wouldn't talk to me.  They said that the engine was manufactured by a different company and gave me a different number.  The folks at that number wouldn't talk to me since I wasn't a dealer and referred me to a 1-800 number for a local authorized service center.  I called the closest center and they said maybe they could get to it in a few weeks.  I finally found a center who would look at the machine (cost me [price] roundtrip in shipping) and it still won't run at idle.  Don't buy this generator if you are expecting a premium product.
I bought this generator primarily for use with my 29' travel trailer in primitive camping situations, and occasionally for use for home power outages.  Primarily my review is related to the initial package and set up.  Overall the package was drop shipped without problem and setup was easy.  I was however disappointed that the generator DID NOT include a battery as this is and electric start equiped generator.  The inclusion of a 25$ battery seems like it should be automatic to me.  However the system starts very easily for a 13 horsepower engine manually and runs quiet for such a big engine and really compared to much smaller generators as well.---overall a good buy
CHARLOTTE, NC:  Just experienced the worst ice storm of my life in Charlotte, NC.  Five days later and still no power.  I bought the last Generac generator from Home Depot the day after the ice storm hit, and I was requried to sign a no return policy.  The generator ran for 3 hours and then quit at 11:00 pm., not to run again that night.  When I tried to return it the next day, I was told by Home Depot that was not possible.  They had 50 generators returned the next day for repair.  They tried to blame it on 'owner error', but the truth is that Generac has poorly designed the generator for cold weather.  In cold and damp conditions (winter basically), the air intake pulls in cold, moist air which freezes after 1 hour or so, eventually choking out the carbeurator.  It thaws within an hour after stopping, and then it will run for another 45 minutes or so (maybe).  The air intake needs to come off of the exhaust manifold like most good models that are more expensive.  This engine is built by Briggs and Straton, and is sold under Generac and Porter Cable (perhaps others too).  Do not waste your money like I have, and do not sign a no return policy from anywhere.  Home Depot knows this problem exists and won't do the right thing by taking returns for defective merchandise.  They told me that Generac advised them to tell their customers to cut a hole in the shipping box, and put the box over the generator while running.  While this seemed like a fire hazzard to me, I was desperate for heat and tried it.  I did and it did not work either.  Shame on Home Depot and Generac - they have just lost a customer for life.
works  fine for the price.
Works great and was perfect for what I wad looking for. The connections are good and the switch works great. It is the same as the other ones but 1/2 the price.
What more do you want.  This is a nice heavy duty switch which I'm using for marine applications.  Be sure to use the Rain Proof Cap (rubber) to proect the switch from heavy moisture.
This is a nice heavy duty toggle switch.  I do wish the screws were larger.  Purchased this to replace a push button switch on an ATV sprayer.
Just what I wanted.  Was just what I thought I would get.  Does the job I ordered it for and more
I like that it comes with the On/Off tag. Its a simple toggle switch so its nothing special and there isn't a lot to say about it. It works.
I've bought two of these, and I never cease to find uses for them (for my electric tinkering, of course). Great, solid switches.
I am building a motorcycle battery load tester and needed a switch that would handle 20 amps. This switch fit the bill and now is mounted in my project box. It seems to have a solid, heavy duty feel to it when switching it on or off. I am going to order another one as I need two.
It is of good quality and works great.  I had a little problem mounting it but it is very nice.
Works as advertised
I bought this toggle switch because description listed it with "Country of origin: USA". That is incorrect. The package and switch itself are labeled as "Made in China". I am not saying that it has low quality - time will tell.
Nice quality medium duty switch for general use.  I wouldn't use it for heavy or rough duty applications.  But still a nice switch.
I use this switch to activate my propane oven ignition. works  perfectly would recommend this seller.great product hope this last awhile
Even with congested terminal arrangement (impossible to avoid with this size switch), the terminal screws can be tightened sufficiently for secure wiring connections.
Bought this to serve as the main power switch for my son's FIRST Robotics robot.  It's built like a truck,  Very sturdy and dependable, and won't accidentally get turned off when the robot is bumped.
This item arrived promptly and works well in the intended application. This is a robust switch and has proven to be reliable
We purchased this to convert my daughter's baby swing from battery-operated alone to include the option for plugging directly into the wall. Heaven only knows how many batteries we have saved! My husband is an electrician, but he found the tutorial on youtube. I highly recommend this if you own a battery-operated swing!
I ordered this to change the direction of a split phase motor.  Since I am not overly familiar with the way all of it works, I looked online to find an explanation and diagram.  I was very happy to find out that this actually was what I needed.  Now my attic fan will move air in either direction.
Bought this switch because the last one I bought couldn't handle the current to my 750 watt electric motor and melted.  This one hasn't!
using it to control some under the cupboard led lights in my kitchen.  it's a pretty &#34;hard&#34; push & makes a pretty loud &#34;click&#34; when switching, but it works fine and feels very durable.  i will be getting another one for another led light application when i am ready
Actullally I tried to find an all metal switch, cause it is used in a lamp that requires close tolerances in its operation. Installed switch,lamp works just fine.
Found what I needed elsewhere, then came back to Amazon to buy it in single piece as opposed to lot of 1000 and restored my halogen shop lamp to full function again. I had previously purchased bulbs for same lamp from Amazon. Now this lamp with be good for another decade for only a few dollars!
I had purchased a push button switch that fell apart and replaced it with this one and so far it is holding up.
I like the fact that you can chase threads of different sizes without looking for another tool. Good quality for the price.
Works as advertised, I bought it for a specific project where two of the old wall outlets had stripped and I needed to rethread them to allow the outlets to be screwed tight.
Since buying this great item, I've gone throughout the house changing screws that were scratched and putting in screws in misaligned holes.  Great product and inexpensive.
Okay for repairing damaged threads but requires careful use so as not to destroy original thread.  In thin metal, drill the right sized hole before using, common sense.
Fantastic way to transfer your oil from your car to a large puddle in your garage/trunk/driveway.
Like others said seals on both caps are poor and leak. The smaller cap on the one I had eventually cracked (after 2 oil changes) and resulted in an even worse leak. Avoid at all cost.
the item does leak.  i didn't relaly expect it not too for this price..but it seems a lot of reviewers do.. i wouldn't ever turn a plastic oil drian upside down or rightside up anyways...but they do
As stated above this thing is a piece of crap.  I took a lid off a windshield washer bottle to replace the small cap and it worked better to make it seal.  I changed my oil the other day moved the vehicle and pulled my other vehicle out of the garage and accidenty ran it over when almost full.  It actually left almost the same sized spot in the driveway as usual.  Glad it's dead.
I have the Blitz-branded version of this pan. It started severely leaking on the first day. It's kind of mind-boggling that a lot of places still carry this piece of junk.
I purchased this container and it leaks like crazy. It does not matter how tight you tighten the cap on the side. It works its way loose and starts leaking. Also there is a screen on the top below the top lid. It easily falls through the top hole and winds up in the oil.
Leaks like a sieve. Caps cannot be tightened enough without popping back a thread.Company sent new "upgraded" small cap that was identical in every way. They promised to send an upgraded large cap, but never did, and I gave up.
I bought this product to prevent oil spills. Conceptually it is sound. Practically, not so much. once it fills with oil, the oil leaks out of the smaller front lid sending oil on to the floor. No matter how you twist the smaller cap it will not make a seal. I am returning this product for a refund. Terrible. In addition, the larger top lid is no better. I bought this from a brick store and compared it to others of the same product, and they all have very poor quality (none of them made proper lid seals). Save yourself a headache and disappointment. Do not buy this product.
Bought for oil changes and whatnot.  Mine actually worked decent most of the time.  It did not leak from the side cap like many reviewers said.  My problem is that every couple months, while in storage, that side cap would split.  Thanks goodness I did not have oil in it.  Anyway, I emailed the mfr. (Blitz) from their website.  I never heard back in terms of a response but a couple weeks later I got three new caps in the mail.  I thought that was nice of them.  Unfortunately, it's been a year and all three caps have since split so I threw the thing out.  Would not recommend this product.
Tried to save a few bucks with this POS.  DO NOT BUY IT!  How a company can feel good about sending trash like this out the door I will never know.  At least it gives me the experience to stay away from ANYTHING made by Flo Tool.
What an absolute piece of garbage. You won't be thinking about the money you wasted on this thing as hot oil comes splashing over the "chicken wire" mesh that sits under the large cover. Yes, the "chicken wire" can be removed, perhaps by just touching it and then the whole thing falls into the hot oil, but then you have a large area to drop the drain plug into, The side spout leaks and if you try to tighten it too much, it will pop back out, ditto for the top lid. Oh, by the way the top lid leaks a little bit, too, but if you're taking this thing full of oil somewhere, you better put it into a leakproof container....inside of another leakproof container - and maybe the place will throw the whole piece of junk out for you.I made a total mess the first time I used this, will get the oil drained and then the whole thing's going into the garbage and I'll look for a better design.
love it. we are going to use it for a pond. its the drainage point. we are just too lazy to begin
Both the drain cap and the larger top cap leaks oil no matter how well you tighten it.  Grid on top fell in when I set the oil filter to drain on it.  I bought to save myself time in the clean up.  I lost more time than any I could have potentially saved.
Bought this to dispose of oil in a clean and responsible way.Turned my garage into a hazmat wonderland.The nozzle is molded terribly, and the screw cap has no gasket. This means there's no seal.If you like oil all over your garage or car, this is the best way I have found to get it there.
Save your money and get something else.  Leaks oil from the top and side cover.  I used it once and threw it out.  Another quality item from China -_-
The opening is too small for automotive use and neither lid seals. Due to the distance between the typical oil pan drain plug and the oil drain pan, the draining oil can easily spill onto the floor and sides of the oil drain pan. The small size also prevents draining the oil pan and changing the oil filter simultaneously. After use, the large lid and drain plug both leaked. I used this product once, returned the oil to a local auto parts chain, and threw the empty oil drain pan in the trash on the way out!
This product suffers from the same thing every other oil change product does - leaks.I purchased this from AutoZone and was skeptical.  The rep told me ahead of time that it will eventually leak, just not as bad as the others.  The problems are:* The top lid can be easily overtightened causing the top large lid to leak.* The small side cap can be easily cracked just by tightening rendering the pan useless.It took 3 oil changes for me and this is in the trash.  Back to the cheapo metal pans.Just to add.. the AutoZone rep was brutally honest and I appreciate that, great store, just a bad product with no good inexpensive ones on the market.
I bought one of these to change the oil on my RV.  It seemed like a good idea.  Unfortunately, this is NOT a quality product.  Once I had drained the oil, I put the large lid (on the side of the pan) back on and picket the drain pan up.  In the process, the large lid simply popped off the drain pan, dumping about 2 quarts of dirty engine oil all over the garage floor.  Even if the lid doesn't come off, it leaks badly with large amounts of oil running down the side of the oil pan.  AVOID this product at all costs! It will cause more grief than good.Wally, Youngstown, OH
I've have two of these and trust me its not about IF the cap will leak but WHEN.  The cap is made from plastic that gets brittle when it comes in contact with oil!! Why Rhino will not change this easy to fix solution is beyond me. Even the large main cap on the top does not close securely enough to carry the container on its side without oil leaking out.  Do NOT buy this.
Just like the others said, mine leaked, couldn't stop it which led to a frantic dumping into a 5 gallon bucket.  What a waste of my bucket and my patience as I deal with cleaning up my garage floor.  Total junk.
after first use i had oid spilled all over my garage floor...both seals don't hold tight enough no matter what You do. Please don't buy this product, look at other reviews.
Ugh. What can I say that hasn't already been said? The thread for the large cap is awful as many have pointed out. Twist it far enough to tighten correctly and it just loses its grip and you have to start over. It'll tighten, but not as much as you would like with 4 quarts of oil sitting inside.After the first use I noticed the smaller cap was cracked and I wouldn't be able to use it again. The design itself isn't bad, but this is just another example of a cheap plastic product not doing its job. Look at the ratio of 1 star reviews to all the rest. Avoid this item!
This product is worthless. It leaked oil all over my garage floor. No matter how tight the front cap is, it will still leak. Should have known better...you get what you pay for!
I have pwned this oil pan for 6 years and I can testify that it leaks from both the end cap when horizontal and the top as you pour.  They are not major leaks, but the leak around the top is sufficient to make a mess when you pour, and the leak around the small plug is enough to allow residual oil in the pan to ooze out after the pan sits for a while.  The opening is also small, such that (at least on my cars) for the first minute or two after the drain plug is removed it cannot catch both the oil stream and the drips from drain port.  This leads to a rather large oil pool under my car.  I came to Amazon to finally find a new one and had to comment after seeing this here.
Ten or fifteen years ago someone made a design similar to this.  But it was good quality, heavy plastic, had asymmetric threads on the caps so they'd pull down properly, had o-ring seals on both large and small caps, and high-quality plastic materials that didn't swell with oil exposure and lose their fit.  THIS is NOT that unit.  (The original one said "DRAINMASTER" and "SEALBEST" on the cover.)  This one is junk.  I'd pay triple what this one cost for the original.
As previous reviewers said, you can not rely on this thing to seal - either @ the top with the large-diameter cap or the side, with the small-diameter cap.  Unacceptable.
This product leaks so badly that I might as well have taken ten bucks out of my pocket, set it on the floor of my garage and drained my cars oil right on top of it. Oh, wait then I would still have the ten oily bucks.If you buy this product do yourself a favor and throw it in the trash then drain your oil directly onto the floor of you garage, the results will be the same whether you use it or not.
Please save your money and do not buy this, it leaked from both caps... all over my driveway.  Horrible.
As the other reviews have noted, this oil pan is rubbish.  Unfortunately, I did not read the review prior to purchasing this at Walmart, and everything the other reviewers have noted is true about this product.  The drain cap leaked, so I tightened it, and then the plastic cap cracked.  There are no rubber o-ring seals for either screw cap.  A very poor design by Blitz and should be redisigned by engineers that actually change their own car oil.
I'll just echo the other reviews on this product.  Both caps leak and it leaves a huge mess on your garage floor.
Drip, drip, drip.  This drain pan will leak all over your garage floor.  Totally worthless.  Please do not waste your money.
I can't believe I bought this.  I usually check reviews before buying so not sure if I was just asleep or what.  Needless to say, it's leaking like crazy and I need to find something that actually works.DO NOT BUY!!!!
Cap on top does not seal, therefore oil will not stay in the container, making it pretty much worthless.
DO NOT BUY. Don't know how this is still on the market. As other reviewers state, it leaks from both "caps." Will make a big mess wherever you put it.
I'd give this a zero if allowed. Easily leaks from both twist caps. Any money I saved by changing my oil was spent on degreaser and paper towels cleaning my garage floor.
This drain pan is totally useless.  The concept is good, but they have used the cheapest materials available for construction.  I would gladly pay double what they're asking if it would work as designed.  First of all, the drain cap broke during my first use after it failed to stop a continuous leaking of oil from the side.  The top cap also broke during my second usage and I had to resort to using a large garbage bag to transport both the leaking oil (making a major mess in the process) and pan to the recycle place.  After dumping the remaining oil, I just threw out this piece of trash and swore to never buy anything from Blitz again.  This item is supposed to make your oil change easier, but instead, it made it much more messy than necessary and cumbersome to clean up.
It's a great idea...  But, the big lid on top is difficult to get screwed on correctly with getting it cock-eyed or cross threaded.  And even when you do have it on right, it doesn't seal up very well and allows some oil to leak.
As others have said, this is an absolute piece of crap.  Neither lid seals, you try to tighten them and they pop off the threads.  As a result, there is no way to store this without leaking out of either the lid on the side or the top.  I wish they would make a decent quality product and just charge a bit more for it.[...]
I've owned two or three of these by now and unfortunately it's about the only type/brand of oil pan sold anywhere near me.  Do not buy this piece of junk, the top lid doesn't screw on tight and the front drain cap leaks.  Considering that oil is a regulated hazardous waste you would think this company would atleast test their product and make sure it doesn't leak before putting it in stores.
What a piece of worthless junk. I tried to use it one time, and oil leaked from both the large and small caps. I finally had to pour the oil into another container and take it to the recycle station. I got so mad that I threw it in the garbage can rather than take it back for a refund. They would have most likely tried to give me another one. This must have been made in some 3rd world country by prison labor. I have never seen anything this worthless in a long time. Blitz should be really proud of their quality control team. Must be a bunch of idiots. I sent an email to Blitz, and guess what, no response at all. Tell all your friends not to buy from them again. They need to go out of business. Screw you BLITZ !!!!!
Really should've read all these other reviews before I bought this POS. Is it seriously that difficult to make a screw-on cap that doesn't leak? Last Blitz product I'll ever buy.
This product works great for draining your car's crankcase oil. It has a screen to catch the drain plug. HOWEVER, the large diameter plastic lid that seals the unit after draining is a PIECE OF CRAP. You are supposed to tighten it down, then open the small plug to drain the oil into another container for disposal. The large lid has a single thread that if you turn a half-inch too far makes no seal at all. It falls off when you tip the unit to drain, emptying two to three quarts of used oil on to your garage floor. This is a product that needs a bit more engineering to work well.
I bought this and used it exactly one time.  After oil leaked from both caps all over my floor, I threw it away and started over.  Do not buy this.
I picked one of these up recently for doing oil and ATF changes on vehicles.It looks like it would be a really good design but the top cover and side spout both leak like mad! Due to the warping that occurs with bare plastic to plastic, you can't get a good seal.You'll want to empty it right away after using it.The top grid is handy for catching the oil plugs so they don't go down into the oil... and setting the oil filter on to drain.Hard to empty completely and it still leaks oil after it's emptied.I can't help but think a rubber gasket would have solved most of the issues.Nice Idea but smaller top opening and the messiness kill its usefulness.Back to using cheap pans again!
Value priced, worked like a charm. Did not leak after filled with used oil and very easy to dispose of contents at the local recycler.
I bought this product hoping to help with oil changes on my truck & SUV. The wide mouth and screen make the distance the oil drops to the drain pan less of a mess from splatter.  However the durability and execution of this product is questionable.  I am on the second one of these as the cap cracked on the first oil change for the initial pan.  The auto parts store exchanged the pan for a new with no questions.  The second one has lasted through 3-4 oil changes but the side cap leaks (and top cap for that matter) and I wouldn't use this container to transport the used oil without fear of it leaking in my trunk.  Blitz needs to improve their execution of this product before I'll buy another or recommend to a friend.  On a separate note, my Wedco drain pan has lasted 15 years with many successfull oil changes.
I've used countless type pans over the years and had to replace one that finally gave out.  I decided to try this one by Rhino because it was enough to cover two oil changes for my vehicles and could be closed up.  Well it has fit in two oil changes, however, the closing up is a different story.  My main complaint has been with the train spout: It LEAKS LIKE A SIEVE!  I changed the oil in one truck, put the pan in the back of my other truck overnight and came out to a good half quart leaked out.  I thought maybe I didn't tighten the cap down enough so I gave it another quarter turn and the next day was more of the same.  As much as I liked the concept, I wouldn't buy it again or recommend it.
When I first bought this oil pan/container, I thought it was pretty neat, because it has a screen and a large twist cap that allows the container to be stood up after changing the oil.  Well, after three oil changes, I have thrown it out.  The small twist-off cap cracked and broke, and the large twist-off cap leaks when stood up.  If buying this pan/container, only use as a drain pan - not for storage or transport.  I would recommend a regular drain pan with a large opening, as this one's opening is quite small.  I made a mess when I used it, as the position needed to be adjusted - and forget about trying to line up this pan with the oil filter.
I bought this at a local Auto Zone. I went to tighten the smaller drain cap and it cracked. I exchanged it for another and that leaks oil despite the cap not breaking on this one. I left it in a garbage bag and it's half full of oil. How can stores and this company market and sell something like this that obviously does not work? Frustrating to say the least!
i picked this up from walmart - and it was really cheap. $7-$8. after using it on an oil change, i thought it was a good product because of the design.  but the larger diameter screw cap as well as the smaller drain cap both leak oil. i screwed them on tightly but the oil still seeps out. i found out the hard way as it leaked all inside my car, even after i double bagged it. that makes this product pretty much useless
This oil pan is a fantastic concept: drain the oil, cap it, and transport it. If done properly, there is no mess, and the lid/cap keeps oil out of reach, with no exposed oily surface, as the oil drained straight into not just a pan, but an oil container. Fantastic! I wonder why there aren't more products like this.I read the reviews about leaking and debated over this. However, I saw someone who tried windshield washing fluid cap and it worked for him. I thought it was enough for me to bite, as the top lid doesn't have to be tight as long as I transport the thing horizontally to the nearest recycling center. I got it from a local big box retailer as it is a bit cheaper than Amazon, and that I wanted to see it first.I made a few observations at the store trying to figure out why this thing will leak, and maybe pick out a sample that will have a better chance not. The recycled plastic of this pan is very cheaply molded, and all of them have warped large top openings to various degrees, so that the top lid won't ever go on flat, if it doesn't slip off first. There's no hope that it will create a good seal.The drain cap is also plastic on plastic. Though at the store it could be fastened tightly--both the included cap and a windshield washer fluid bottle cap. That quickly changed though when there's oil--both caps leaked (yes, even the windshield washer fluid cap which has a paper/fiber insert as seal), and couldn't be fastened as it would just slip off the threads QUITE easily. In the end I had to put my latex glove over the opening *and* the threads to force on the cap to prevent a leak, and only barely.The smaller drain opening is cut rather unevenly, making it difficult to create a tight seal even with a cap with paper gasket (as in the case of windshield washing fluid. You can forget about the included plastic cap as it'll never be useful). I picked out one with a relatively flat and clean cut, and it still didn't work. Pretty frustrating.The saving grace--for me, not for this product-- is that the 4 quarts of oil I drained out just barely cleared the drain lip, creating little pressure on the leaky opening. I had to do transmission fluid drain as well, and since the cap didn't pass the leak test, I had to pour the waste oil to another container before doing another drain. Not quite the "drain, cap and transport" ease that I was hoping for. In fact, it made everything quite a bit messier than it had to be.It's a great concept, but the execution is absolutely terrible. There should have been improvements over all these years (I think this particular product has been on the market for nearly a decade now?), but that's not the case. I hope there's some other manufacturer who can do a better version, and I'm willing to pay a little more for this concept well executed. It's a shame.
I purchased this cheap funnel for pouring oil into my car engines. I have a 2009 Honda Fit and a 2010 Hyundai Elantra. I've been able to use this funnel to change oil in both cars without spilling any. It is a little flimsy and cheap feeling, but it serves its purpose well. I would recommend this funnel to anyone wanting to use it to pour oil into their engines.
I got it for a kid's toy in the tub, it does what it says it does. It's a great toy for the price. :)
Kidding. It's a perfect funnel. Thank you. It took awhile for me to find a funnel of this size. I would either find something super large or stupid small. This is a great medium. Just to add, the quality is fine as well. It's not flimsy.
Good size for larger jobs.  I keep it in the garage for transferring large containers of bug spray, etc. into spray bottles.
PROs:-Can hold large quantity of liquid-Handy for oil change, collecting fluid, etc.CONs:-In Walmart, it sells under $1.5 :-(
OK... it's a funnel, and as a funnel, it does the job - not much to write about there.  I was not &#34;floored&#34; by the fit / finish of the funnel, it does say in the Description &#34;made of high density polyethylene&#34; which should mean it is food-grade.  I own a number of polyethylene items, and this I am not 100% convinced it is of the same quality.The finish on this funnel has a bunch of swirl marks / scratches, and it is not finished to a smooth appearance.  Plus, I am not entirely sure where it is made, it has an American flag on the label, but does not actually say &#34;Made in USA&#34;.  In fact, it does not indicate country of manufacture on the label.Not a bad funnel, but not enough quality that I would give it five stars!Thanks for reading.
This funnel fit a need perfectly.  Not too thick of a plastic.  Good valued product and gets the job done perfectly.  I use it for oil changes in a Cat pump and it does the trick.
i don't use it yet. it look good, so i think it's good.i may have to use extra funnel for extension
Great handy funnel for the price, flexible and sturdy enough for most uses. haven't had any trouble with it, use it to get to those hard to reach engine places.
This funnel is a real time saver especially if you own a 2007 STI or other year where the dip stick for the transmission fluid is underneath the intercooler. Some people have to take the intercooler out for putting the transmission fluid in. Thanks to this funnel i did not had to do anything like that. Just put it in and it works.
I usually have my vehicles serviced by the local Ford Dealer. However, I purchased a new John Deere Riding Lawn Mower for our oversized lot. Since having the mower picked up and delivered for service is rather pricey, I purchased this pan to drain the transmission fluid (fore and aft) on this great mower. This drain pan is the ideal size for this chore and a good buy.
just a standard oil pan, easy to pour into jugs or containers so i can take my old oil to Autozone or O'Riley's.
It's a big, plastic bowl, lol. Does the job and the price was reasonable. If you don't have a deep bowl, consider this one.
I bought this because it was inexpensive and I thought 6 quarts was large enough. Unfortunately I did not think far enough ahead. My truck has 5qt oil capacity, and this container will hold a maximum of 6qts on a flat surface. The walls are very thin, so when you pick it up full, it will bend. Suffice it to say, not a good combination when you are at the brim with oil.
I cannot really complain, I have a few of these, one for car fluids the others I use for chicken feeders and waterer, works great with an inverted 5 gallon bucket with holes drilled in the lip for a chicken waterer, the same can be done with feed with larger holes in the bucket.[...]
Why would anyone make an oil drain pan with a spout that is flush with the top rim?  That's not a spout.  Unless you pour the oil out of this thing at a ridiculously slow rate, the oil just flows over the sides and misses whatever you are trying to pour the oil into.This thing is going straight into the trash.
Not much special to say about this except that it holds enough oil to satisfy a full oil change on the majority of cars out there.  The only thing I do not like about the pan is that there is no easy to pour spout, so you do need to be aware when emptying the pan into a container.  None-the-less, it is an inexpensive, yet valuable tool for DIY'ers out there looking to save money on oil changes.
Wish it was more square than round, but hey, it was cheap.  Didn't have holes.  The pour spout is adequate, what else is there.
Good pan, shipped quickly. It's not light and flimsy like some I've seen. Only problem I have with it is it doesn't have the pour spout as pictured. The pour spout is actually smaller.
I had one of these for several years. It worked OK at first. The top still leaked a little. Now the top pops off if you tighen just a little too much. The screen it the top keep falling through the opening. I wish someone would take this concept and create a truelly good version. Time to replace this one.
I purchase this to make changing my oil and properly disposing of it a breeze... Well the thing leaks like crazy, both from the lid and the cap on the spout, I put it in my car's trunk and it leaked a substantial amount... What a mess.
the idea of a large drain opening with cap covering entire drain opening is great, but when the product is tipped over, oil leaks out the large drain cap, and also starting with during the draining process, oil leaks out of the cheap little side drain cap (the drain cap easily is overtightend - never makes a good seal).  the world needs a high quality version of this desgin.
This is a great concept.  It has a handy screen to catch your drain plug and crush washer, and looks like you could just haul it to your local auto parts store for recycling once you finish draining the crankcase. NOT! Once you get past draining a little over 3 quarts the used oil level gets even with the pour spout (small cap) and starts to leak even with the cap screwed on tightly.  This is because there are no gaskets in either the spout cap or the large top cap.Further, there aren't enough plastic threads in either cap to prevent leakage.  So, if you're draining a typical 4-quart crankcase, you have to prop this thing up at an angle to avoid the spout leakage, and then transfer it into an actual leak proof container (gallon plastic water bottle?) ASAP to keep used oil from assaulting your garage floor.  Whew, c'mon Blitz, we think you coulda' thought this through a little better.  You make some good products...this just ain't one of them.
This drain pan has many bad reviews written about it but it is useful in certain applications. I would never use this drain pan to change the oil on a automobile or truck, I have a much larger drain pan that works for that purpose. This small drain pan is good for small engines. My brother likes to use this drain pan on his motorcyle because is fits under the bike, unlike some drain pans intended for automobiles which are much too tall. I like to use it to drain my oil filters because it is small and doesn't take up much floor space. The grating on top prevents oil from getting trapped under the oil filter while draining, unlike in my other pans. It works very well for these two uses.
The large cap and small cap both leak like crazy.  Viton O-rings would make these serviceable, but as they are, they're terrible.
The spout cap (green in my case) developed a crack which opened during just the 2nd oil change I was doing with this pan and oil started leaking, creating huge mess... It's a good design, but the quality is unacceptable... C'mon, the cap can be made stronger not to crack in 21st century...
Do not buy under any circumstances. Oil leaks out of both caps, a huge unexpected mess. I can't believe they even sell this thing.
wow... where to begin.As mentioned in the other reviews, this LEAKS... which is not what you want when dealing with 5+ quarts of oil... it's a PITA to clean up afterwards.Draining this is stupid too.. MOST oil pans are TAPERED so that when you drain it the oil goes down a little channel so MOST if not all of the oil is gone... not this.  It's just a hole that is in the side (topped with a screw cap that does NOT stay tight and also leaks)  So you are forced to move the entire container around to get that extra half cup of oil OUT of the pan and then what happens is you get dripps and leaks from the top center larger portion of the lid...this is absolute garbage... I can't understand who thought this was a great idea to make but obviously they failed as engineers making this thing...
Sorry folks - MAJOR complaint: purchased the 6 qt. oil drain at a leading national auto parts retailer yesterday...... I honestly cannot recall purchasing a product so stunningly inferior - no matter how hard I tried to seal the oil, both the large top screw cap as well as the smaller side one leaked. What a mess.Had to pack the container in several plastic bags, took it back to Advance this morning to recycle the oil. Walked to the rear of the store... to the room that contained the large oil tank - imagine my surprise in seeing two empty, oily Blitz 6 qt. containers, oily bags next to them, discarded and sitting on the top of the tank. Hello!? Two add'l customers obviously felt as I did... screw this container, I'm never using it again. What a piece of junk. My discarded one made three.One might say "Buddy, what do you want for this price?".  NO. Wrong. I'd gladly pay double and more for a quality, leak-proof container I could conveniently use over and over again.Perhaps what amazes me the most: I'd somehow expect this from a China/Taiwan-made product... but American???!!!!Additionally: It took less than a minute on Google to find a corroborating negative review from a disappointed Blitz customer."Blitz: The Seven Organic Principles?... Identity, Openness, Connectedness, Balance, Creativity, Flexibility, and Wholeness??"... HUH!!!???.... YO, HOW 'BOUT "QUALITY?"......."At Blitz, we have a firm understanding of our identity as a provider of quality consumer products from the Garage to the Garden." Please. Don't make me laugh.In summary: Complete waste of money and effort. Recycling oil is supposed to save our environment... instead, there's one more used plastic oil drain container in a landfill. Blitz: you should be ashamed selling such an inferior product -  and shame on any auto parts store for carrying it.
If you don't mind spilling half or more of your used oil on the garage floor, this product is the one for you! The large diameter lid is great during the draining process, but makes a poor seal and falls off when you tip it up to drain out of the small plug. Truly an item that needs a little more careful design.
Works as good as the first one I ever bought.  Found that one after I got this one.  So now I have two!!  And I will use them both.
I bought a similar Blitz 10 quart oil drain container at Autozone and have had the same problems as other reviewers. The product looked like a great idea as it had a screen on the opening to rest the filter and prevent the crush washer or drain plug from accidentally falling in. I was shocked to find that the side cap leaks. I actually thought the people at Autozone were at fault and had placed the wrong cap on the product. I went back in the store to try to return it and the clerk showed me that all of the caps were exactly the same. Apparently the cap only screws on over half of the threads on the container! This is one of the most poorly designed products I have ever bought. I mean the whole purpose of the product is to keep the oil in the container without it leaking all over the place until it can be recycled. I have never written a complaint like this before but I felt compelled to do so because of problems with this product. I did submit a complaint on the company via their website and also requested a replacement cap. I will update this review after hearing from the company.
The third time I used this spout, it broke into two pieces. I had to fish the spout out of the gas tank and clean up about a half-gallon of spilled gas as a result.
Item fits and seals perfectly. It looks well constructed and will allow you to dispense from the blitz can without spilling gasoline.
This is just what we were looking for and needed.  We were unable to locate this spout in any store and were told it was not available.
These are a great value for the money.  If you screw it on by hand it's going to probably leak a bit.  You have to compress the gasket to keep it from leaking.  Tip:  Buy an inexpensive bargain basement basin wrench at any hardware store, and keep it with the can and nozzle, adjusted to the nozzle base width and kept locked to that position.  If you use the wrench to install the Blitz spouts they won't leak.  Seems obvious, but it took me a long time to stop putting up with the drips and remember I had an adj. wrench that would open wide enough and work fine.
I needed replacement nozzles for my military style fuel cans. The old style with the seals that swell when you tighten them down were rotted and leaked really bad. with these new nozzles i do not have to worry about the rubber seals rotting away.
Hard to find the 1.25 inch spouts for older army gas cans. These were fairly priced so I ordered three.I couldn't be any more satisfied. Came with the smaller rubber washer which allow can to breath through air hole.Cap is a nice addition as well as the mesh screen built in.  These won't fit unleaded newer vehicle size openings.The good news is they work perfectly for four wheelers and my tractor. Good product.
If you have the old military style Jerry cans this is something that is a must have, if you ever want to get anything out of them without a mess.  It's well built and includes a cap so you can leave the spout on without evaporating your can's contents (although I take mine off after each use to store it more easily).  The flex shaft makes pouring easier since you dont have to pick up the can as much
THE SPOUTS ARE BIG AND NICE LOOKING BUT THE ONE I HAVE LEAKS AROUND THE BOTTOM WHERE THE WELD IS GAS GOES ALL OVER I CAN NOT USE IT SO I HAD TO ORDER A NEW ONE  THAT WAS PLASTIC I KNOW THINGS ARE NOT MADE WELL TO DAY BUT GAS COST A LOT I DONOT NEED IT TO GO ON THE GROUND I COULD NOT RECOMEND THIS SPOUT .MY SPOUT WAS MADE ON MONDAY
I don't know that I'd buy another metal gas can but Blitz is the standard when it comes to Jerry Cans.  This was definitely a necessary accessory to make sure gas doesn't go everywhere.  Make sure to put the right gasket on!
I bought this gas can holder for my 1946 CJ2A Jeep.  I bolted it on and it's sat outside for over a year in all sorts of weather from snow and temps down to -30F to blazing sun with a temp around 100F, not to mention strong winds and endless rain this spring here in South Dakota.  So far it has not faded and I had not seen any signs of rust.  The supplied securing strap looked flimsy so I used a military surplus one instead.
I bought this can holder for my TJ. Served it's purpose very well as I mounted it on the tailgate and removed the spare.
these carriers are as advertised. and are made in the USAI haved taken them on any backcountry trips yet, so only timewill tell how they hold.
I ordered this product HOPING that it would work with the NATO Gerry cans, however it is a bit small for it.  The carrier fits what it was designed for rather well, though, the Blitz metal cans.
not sure what 5gal fuel can this is designed for, but it won't fit any I have. Too small and needs to be busted to get can to fit.fail
It does what it's designed to do, and it's a bright shade of shiny red.  It makes it easy to mount a Gerry can.
I ordered two at the lowest price I found on the internet, I figured "how could you mess this up"?At first I was advised it would take a month or so for delivery; no big deal, the carriers were for an ongoing project and time wasn't all that important. Within a week I was notified that they would be shipped @ 2 weeks sooner.  They arrived in a very large box with all kinds of extra bubble wrap packing to protect them (no idea what I'll do with all those air filled pillows).One can carrier was was in fine condidtion, the other had the majority of all the spots welds at the seams not holding. The entire carrier was unusable and litterally just held together by the folds in the metal.  I decided instead of attempting a return, paying for return charges, waiting longer for a replacement, etc., instead I took it to a buddy who welded up all the seams better than the manufactured items. Luckily I'm on my friends good side, so no extra cost was incurred, but going to a welding shop would have likely cost more to make the repair than the original purchase price of the item.A little quality control from the manufacure or shipper would have caught this.
I own the Blitz 5-gallon can and ya need a place to hang it on your 4x4 and this is it.
I have gotten 2 of these holders from this web site. I am very pleased with both. They are now on a 1950 CJ3A Jeep and it is now painted Navy gray. The price was right and they look good on the Jeep.
Nice carrier.  The web strap is not as secure as a Military item, but usable.
I like how well it fit my can (Plastic as opposed to metal) and the mounting points. I Didn't much like the Cloth Strap, Still not sure how that's supposed to work, but, I used a Bike Cable anyways
if any of you use the old steel blitz cans out in the country you know how useful they are for filling up mowers, tractors, 4x4s and motor cycles, but after years and years of them sitting out in the weather the steel spout starts to rust off. this is great the old spouts have rusted off of my cans and I thought i was going to have to buy those clumsy plastic filler spouts with those stupid "eco, friendly no spill spouts" that don't work and actually cause you to spill gasoline of diesel all over your vehicle or mower. i stumbled over this deal and bought it right away it is defiantly a good deal.
This is the genuine product.  Don't be fooled by look alikes!  If the nozzle isn't made by Blitz, it won't work on Blitz gas cans.  I bought two nozzles before learning this hard lesson!  The knock-off nozzles don't have enough threads to actually screw into the gas can!!!  One other thing to watch out for - there are two sizes and only one of them will fit into your car's gas tank opening, the 3/4" one is for unleaded vehicles.
the spout on my old jerry can broke, so this one is a perfect replacement.  These things are hard to find in the hardware stores.
These gas spouts are junk, pours very slow. I needed a long spout for my Jeep and these won't work. I would like to return them and get my money back.
Amazon wants $54 for this spout???  You can get them at many sites for $16
Blitz items are great.  This spout fits the Blitz five-gallon can.  Well engineered and well built.
I attempted to get a metal gas can spout, but received a plastic one which would not fit.  I reverted back with the error, and stated I did not want the wrong part.  They sent me the same wrong part again.  I never did receive what I ordered so refuse to pay for it.
After acquiring a small pancake compressor, I decided it was time to get an impact wrench. I bought one of the cheap, Chinese made &quot;250 ft/lb&quot; impact wrenches from a traveling tool show. What a mistake. It could not loosen hand-tightened lug nuts. I then happened on a well used 231 at a pawn shop. It has never failed to loosen whatever I have put it on. This includes lug nuts, an axle nut, rusted nuts and bolts, and an anti-corrosion anode on a 15 year old water heater. This tool works wonders on fasteners which would drive a sane person mad if he tried to loosen them with hand wrenches or a ratchet. I would like to get a IR2131, but the old 231 won't let me justify replacing it.
This is the ONLY 1/2" impact wrench I would ever recommend.  It's relatively lightweight.  The knurled knob allows you to change the impact force and direction, even with very greasy hands.I used this for 5 years when I turned wrench, and gave it a good workout.  I have dropped it, kicked it, forgotten it in the rain (once), and it keeps working.  The only thing I was always sure to do was keep it well oiled and cleaned at the beginning and end of each day.  At the end of the 5-year period turning wrench, I bought the rebuild kit (another nice feature, available in the 90's for about {$$$}), which restored all of its original power.Also, check out the I.R. impact sockets.  Value priced at less than ($$$) for the deep socket set, and I have never broken one.  Fine tools at reasonable prices!
I bought this impact just about a year ago and it just died on me. Automotive repair is my profession and I use this impact about half as much as my 1/2 inch impact. With that I was expecting a lot longer service out of it.
Good impact gun I had the same one and it lasted me over five years using it every day.  I would recommend it.
I purchased this because I was very satisfied with my 1/2 inch drive I.R. 231 Impact. I was not let down a bit! For pneumatic tools, I only buy Ingersoll Rand now.
It has the power to do the job on rusted hardware. It is small in size for working in tight areas, lightweight and it has good balance in the hand. I am glad I discovered this model. I only wish I had noticed there was a purchase option that included a red protector sleeve for the body of the wrench so I could save on the shipping cost. I highly recommend this model for its intermediate torque capability (I have two other air impact wrenches: flipper style and a 3/4-inch heavy duty style).
This thing is great for installing hardware where you don't want too much torque applied. I wouldn't use it on lug nuts but for general auto work its great. It does eat up air so you need a real compressor.
I bought this impact a couple years ago and use it almost every day at work. It's a lot smaller than some of the other impacts out there so it can get into much tighter spots. It doesn't have a whole lot of power, but I guess thats the price of the compact design. It does get the job done in most situations though and I can still zip out driveline bolts on 40 foot buses no problem. I've had no problems with it over the last 2 years. Just make sure to oil all your air tools regularly and they will last a long time.
Very compact and versatile for professional auto repair. Excellent product. After several months of use, this impact wrench is as good as new.
I now own 3 of these. power to price is great. have one blue point and 2 212c. save the money and buy the ir same impact alot less price.
In my opinion, this is by far the best gun for the money on the market. It's ugly and kind of clunky, but the last one I had lived twelve years with nearly daily use. The only reason my old one needed replacing is because I dropped it from and insane height and it didn't survive. The most important things to remember with any air tool is to try to eliminate moisture in the air system and keep them oiled. I expect this new gun to last at least another twelve years. I'm very rough on tools and they have to be fairly well built in order to live in my world. This little gun has my respect, and so does it's bigger brother the IR 231C. Yeah yeah, it's kind of a single action revolver in a semi-auto world, but it has always served it's purpose perfectly, unless abused.
When we first received the gun, all the mechanics thought it wasn't powerful enough.  It was just a figment of their imagination as the gun is SUPER quiet.  Works best with 1/2" airline and adjust pressure to regulate torque.  No complaints, has lasted 3 times longer then the 3/4" snap on and this one is still going strong.
I like it alright, it hits harder than the 3/4 2141 composite. Going to need the IR 295 for track bolts on dozers though.
MADE IN CHINA!  amazon says Made In USA to mislead customers.  Also this is an air tool not "corded electric"JUNK!
heavy hitting torque monster lets hope its still going strong years from now used it today on some tractor duals and it didn't really seem to be much of a test for it!
Arrived when promised.  As always it was Ingersoll-Rand "worthy" - my husband uses this important tool at his job daily. Excellent investment!
I was not about to pay what Snap-on wanted for a similar drill so I started researching the various drill manufacturers.  I ended up narrowing it down to this drill in the end and am very pleased with it.  It is an excellent low speed drill, love the fact that it is not burning bits up due to hand fatigue (trying to maintain a steady low speed for extended periods of time.)  Use this to drill hardened bolts out of construction equipment more often than I like, so this has made the process less aggravating.I am a fan of IR air tools overall, have several impacts from 3/8" to 3/4" which see very rough use and rarely have problems as long as I keep them oiled.
Strong and smooth. Perfect, accept that if I had knowen that it was made in China, I wouldn't buy it.
This old drill is a proven performer. I am a full time truck mechanic and have seen these around for years. Reasonably priced, and has enough torque to do what I need it to do most of the time. Do not expect high rpm from this drill.
It is a slower speed drill which gives it the torque needed to drive big screws and other tasks that require a powerful drill.
This drill has a hard life on a service truck working outside in all weather conditions and performs great.  I have been using this drill for over a year now and there has been no problems yet.  Lots of torque, it will twist itself out of your hands if your not holding on tight.  It doesn't have a very high rpm so not the greatest drill for the small bits or drilling wood, but it does get the job done.
If you want a quick assembly tool that drives 3/8" sockets then look no further. This tool fits comfortably in your hand and with the bi-directional rocker switch, it's very easy to use. No more fumbling around with switches or slide valves to change drive directions either. Just rock  the paddle with your thumb to the left to loosen and rock to the right to tighten. Very intuitive. The air intake swivels 180 degrees. This is a useful feature that other similar tools lack.It doesn't have as much power (max torque 175 ft.lb.) as the pistol grip model, but that seems like plenty to me for a 3/8" drive. And it is FAST. Hit the rocker trigger and the nut or bolt runs home almost instantly.
It does not fit my truck.
Installed on an F250, no problems. Not sure what else to say. I haven't put a heavy load on it but it should be OK.
Actually the tie downs were much better quality than I had expected.  They were heavier duty than the ones I was replacing and they fit my Dodge Ram perfectly.  I would highly recommend this product.
I haven't secured a heavy load, yet, but for everyday use these tie down points are good-to-go!Easy to install and feel secure.
Simple effective!  Get one for each car, like I did.Great if you need to be pulled out of the snow, etc.
This is a good product you will feel the easy soft pull because the rigid ropes always make an strong pull when the rope is in the top length. This one is elastic only when an strong force is acting because if you try to fell the flexibility which your hands you will fell it no flexible at all.The first time I used it the little secure in the base of the hook was broken. my item is not the one showed in the photo because that one doesn't have the little secure that I am talking about but the secure is no important, you can used any way... just like the one in the photo.Is the perfect length because the pulled car can see your car complete and can make an stop if is needed.The color is easy to see it in the dark plus you have to turn your emergency light in order to help the visibility of the yellow rope and to get an advise to the other you are helping a car.I only use it one time but I am sure I will help many people with these helpful item.
Glad to have it published and in one book--fine job on this.Tow straps were great and well priced--thanks a lot.
"It's a simple product with a simple purpose. It's strong and does the job.I ended up pulling a car out of a snow pile using these straps connected to my Jimmy. No problems and the owner of the car was quite happy."
A tow strap is better than a rope or chain for most recovery operations. But those metal hooks give me the heebie-jeebies. Keeper makes a very good tow strap, but this isn't the one. The one I use has strong, sewn-in loops instead of those metal hooks. I attach it to the stuck vehicle and my truck with shackles that can't come loose and fly around like cannonballs. Plus it's made of nylon, which stretches to absorb shock and can be used for kinetic recoveries. This is better than nothing, but not the best choice.
Solid tow rope and hooks has worked perfectly for me every time little signs of wear no signs of any tear
I have already had a chance to use this a couple of times and the strong tow strap has not let me down yet.
I have a mid sized car and, for the winter months especially, this is good travel insurance.
No matter how much you crank down to stay tight they loosen with time and travel. I suggest that the screw downs are the better.
The product is too small to fit the pocket of a full-sized pickup truck.  I spoke with the manufacturer who confirmed that it is intended for small pickups only.  The packaging and manufacturer's description do not mention this at all.So now I not only wasted several days waiting for delivery, but I wasted my time and effort trying to install the product.  I wasted more time talking to the manufacturer who simply said it wouldn't work, but didn't want to do anything to correct the problem.  Now I have to waste more time repacking and dropping off at UPS.If you have a small pickup, before ordering this product, consider that the instructions on the package warn you to check the anchor every 25 miles to make sure it's still tight.  No thanks.
They quickly became pitted, and started showing signs of rust in a very short period of time. I would opt for solidstainless steel anchors in the future, realizing of course they're going to cost more.
Bought these for my 2013 Silverado but they are WAY too small for the stake pocket holes even when the rubber is expanded as far as possible.  I found this especially disappointing since I had input my truck model details and still received an unusable product.  However, this is obviously a generic product and will take some hillbilly engineering to be useful IF I decide to use them.
I got these for my 02 Avalanche bumper. It has the cheap plastic bumper w/ all that cladding. your supposed to be able to step on & sit on a bumper. Not this one! if you push on it w/ your finger it cracks even more! So hopefully these will help be able to actually use my bumper w/ out the expensive cost of replacing it. waiting for the weather to improve to apply. fingers crossed
I purchased 10 packs of these (20 total pads) for use on outdoor wooden stairs leading into our home. The stairs are old and the wood is not smooth so I did not attempt to use the adhesive. Thus, I cannot comment on its effectiveness. Instead, I used four wood screws and washers (one in each corner of each pad) and screwed them into the wood. They've worked wonderfully.Installation was completed about four weeks ago, so I'm not entirely sure of the long-term resilience. However, they've had many feet traveling on them in cold, rain and ice and they've made the trek MUCH safer.
These worked great on my aluminum dock stairs into a lake.  Despite the ribbing on the steps they were slippery.  Adding these made them much easier for us (and our dogs) to use the stairs.  The backing glue was fairly good, but I added some liquid nails and the treads are on solid.
I bought these for my geriatric dog who has trouble getting up and down steps.  They are the perfect size for the steps to my back porch.  They do come with adhesive on the back but you can only expect so much out of some glue.  So I used a staple gun to staple them to the wooden steps and its been a few weeks and they really help.  I previously used the kind of strips that are abrasive like sand paper and my dog didn't really like stepping on them and because they were then they eventually ripped away from the staples.  I think these will do a much better job and I like that they come in pairs so I don't have to buy alot of them at one time if I don't need that many.  They are made of rubber and are not a hard plastic which makes them less likely to crack in the cold weather, etc.
We bought these to add traction for our dogs who use the wooden stairs going from the back of the house to yard. They have done the job. I have had no problems with the adhesive and I will say it has been freezing cold where I live.
Tis product is perfect for our needs.  It was affixed to boards to make ramps for the snow blower and lawn mower to easily move in and out of the truck bed.  As many others have noted, the adhesive is insufficient, but we used screws and washers to attach it and it works very well.  The rubber seems very durable.
THIS MAT WORKS GREAT FOR MY WHEEL CHAIR FOOT PLATFORM.  TOO MANY WORDS ARE REQUIRED FOR THIS REVIEW, THEREFORE I WILL NOT WRITE ANY MORE REVIEWS.
I have these on my back steps mainly to make sure I am watching where I am going and it works
Love this keeper!  We camp a lot and have always struggled with packing lighter items in the bed of the truck.  This solves the problem, and eliminates the worry of something getting bounced out of the bed.
Received this product in a timely manner(quicker than estimated). I am able to use this cargo net in the bed of my 1500 Chevy. Cargo net fit's well, and you can see it will expand w/just about any reasonable load... Adjust's with ease, and is of good quality. PURCHASED VIA AMAZON.COM
A nice product but I would like for it to cover more of the bed.
Attaches easily, durable, and very convenient to adjust. Stretches in eight different directions. Strong hooks that work well with cleats.
really like this net, i've tried others that are smaller mesh type but they are always a tangled mess. this one with the heavy cord doesn't tangle much and works great.
We have spent the past 2 years lashing things in our pickup bed with fistfuls of single bungees - seems like we always run out of the "right" length to securely finish the job.  This single web-bungee is the perfect solution and cuts the labor and headache down to nearly nothing.
This is my second one.  My first one fell victim to the weather after about 5 years, my fault.  I use it all the time to secure cargo in the bed of my truck.  I like that it easily adjusts to fit whatever you're carrying. Good product and does what it is supposed to do.
Good product - good price - plain and simple - problem free ordering from Amazon
Its a pretty simple device.  As long as it was heavy enough to handle a tractor and a motorcycle, I was happy.Just get yourself some wood (I used 2x10) and load it up!
I have been using this inverter for over a year and have no complaints. It is great for running XBox, TV and DVD player on those long road trips.This inverter keeps 110Vrms output stably that I measured with a True RMS multimeter. A normal voltmeter cannot give a correct readings. It says that unless use a true RMS reading woltmeter, the readings will be 20 to 30 volts low.It works great for me and my family!
The device works great for me. I'm using a 13 inch Daewoo TV and a Sony PS2. Plays video games or can watch DVD's using a standard RF connector out of the PS2. No on-screen interference even with the inverter sitting within a foot of both devices. The air blowing out of the inverter is cool, not even approaching hot.My tv is rated at 54 watts. I don't know what the power consumption is on the PS2.If you read the manual it addresses the fact that some inductive load devices (as opposed to resistive load devices, like a light bulb), such as TVs or stereos, require 2 to 6 times the rated wattage on start up.Also, it addresses the fact that &quot;most AC voltmeters are calibrated for RMS votage under the assumption that the wave form they will be reading will be a pure sine wave, and will not read the RMS value of a modified sign wave (the type of sine wave the Maxx Power Inverter produces) correctly. It says that unless you use a true RMS reading voltmeter, the readings will be 20 to 30 volts low.It works great for me!
I just used this item today for the first time.  The fan makes so much noise you would not use it in your car.  It would be very annoying.  I plan on returning it as soon as i can.
I just thought I'd note a misconception in Paul Sachenik's review--  these kind of inverters produce a modified sine wave, which provides an "RMS" (root mean square) voltage of approx. 110VAC.  Most AC voltmeters are sensitive to the AVERAGE value of the waveform, rather than the RMS value, because they assume they're measuring a pure sine wave.  Because of this, most voltmeters will read 20 to 30 volts lower than the actual output.  As for the other problem he had, I WOULD consider that an issue with the product's quality.
The cigarette lighter plug is poorly designed and will blow your fuse.  Before using, take the plug apart and tape the insulation in place.  If they can't get this right, I wonder what other problems might lurk.  It seems to function OK once this defect is corrected - up to about 150 watts.  You will have to connect directly to the battery for more.  I replaced the cigarette lighter plug with one from Radio Shack and it works fine.
I build racing engines for a living and in our shop we have two of these beauties.  We use them so much we often change batteries several times a day.  No more speed wrenches or rachets.  Just one of these and a torque wrench and you are set.  Don't know how I could get by without it now.
I have owned two of these for 5 years in my auto repair business. these tools recieve abuse every day and like a timex they take a licking and keep on ticking. One of my mechanics burned up his by trying to use it after cleaning with brake parts cleaner.
I love this impact. It is a great size, and the power of it is remarkable. I only wish I had bought it long ago. Having two batteries is a plus. You never run out of power when you need it.
I have several of these and use and abuse them every day.I have never had another of this style cordless impact but know I would not find a better tool!
My son asked for this for Christmas. He used one at a friends house and just had to have one. He's checked all the other brands of sanders/polishers and couldn't find one to match this one in ease of use and power. This is a great item to get that guy that &quot;needs&quot; to keep his car shining like brand new. I think I'll borrow it from my son for a sanding project I'm sick of doing by hand.
This Dico 531-PBC Plastic Compound works very good on my buffing weel for Petoskey stones. I am very glad to use it now and I will get more from the same seller.
First of all, comparing an el-cheapo Generac ( the cheap ones - not the more expensive stanyby ones)  to a Honda GX series engine is like comparing a Kia with a Lexus.Make sure your generator has a brushless alternator design for starters, like this one.  The Honda GX series engines are some of the finest around in use for portable power in this range of output.If you have a well and septic pump, if you have electric heat, you will probably need at least this big of a generator.  It might be pushing it trying to run an electric hot water heater on this sized generator, though.  In any case, if you live in the country, you probably will need at least this much generator, not a small 1-2K generator like someone else wrote.
I bought a kayak and wanted to add some deck rigging and other accessories to it, there are 2 ways to accomplish this. One is with screws and the other is rivets. I like the concept of rivets and think they will hold stronger and longer then the screws but in order to attach them I needed a rivet gun.I've never used a rivet gun so I was standing in the aisle of my local hardware store and asked a sales guy which rivet gun would be good for beginners, he picked this one up and said this is the most popular model they have so he would recommend it. I got it and left the store.From an ease of use standpoint, it doesn't get any easier to figure out. Simply drill a hole, pop a rivet in, slide the riveter over it and squeeze a few times. The rivet tightens and pops off.Now I'm only giving this 4 stars instead of 5 because I did have a difficult time with the rivets. I could squeeze but it took a lot of force to get the rivet to pop off. It would be 5 stars if they had a ratchet system or some other way of making it easier to squeeze. But for what it is, it's basic and easy to understand how to operate. I successfully added 14 rivets to my kayak and now have bungee deck rigging securely in place with no concern it would pop off.I would recommend this, as a beginner i had no issues with it.
The RH200 is really well made.  Steel with a cool black crinkle finish and comfortable grips.  It comes with a wrench in a convenient storage pocketfor changing heads.  It doesn't say in the description, but it can rivet with both aluminum and steel pop rivets.  Arrow sells both. Be careful because a few of Arrow's stainless steel rivets are not intended for manual riveters.  I have only used aluminum 5/32 x 1/4" so far, but  I like the way the tool cuts the stem off cleanly. An added bonus: This product also appears to be made in the USA. The package is reusable if you want for storing the RH200 to hang on a hook.  Overall, I think it's a great tool.
Bought this to use for RV application. (didn't know that what you hang up in an RV falls off with &#34;normal&#34; screws....nothing to anchor into!) It is perfect, easy for a first timer. Watched U-Tube videos to see demo for use. Great tool!
I used this to put reflective stripes on my black mountain bike, to make it safer for night riding. Works well, looks good (like it was part of the bike to begin with), but I do wish it shipped in units of greater than 3 feet, I would have liked a few more stripes.
Excellent product that adheres well to a wide range of smooth surfaces. Very high visibility and reflectivity. Used this to add reflective flashing to the edges of car doors to improve visibility when opening doors next to traffic. Also added it to the handles of tools to make them easier to find. Good adherence to curving surfaces, though there are limits: concave or convex surfaces, porous or uneven surfaces limit adhesion.
Put it on some scuba equipment . Stayed on with no problems. Good visibility after being put down. Enough brightness that I wouldn't leave it  behind.
I used this tape for my bike (bicycle). I ride recreationally and commute...end up riding at nights a lot. Used this tape on my bike, panniers, helmet and basically everything to make sure I am visible after sunset. Good adhesive and the reflective qualities are good too. I highly recommend it.
I have this on everything that goes in the water with me. If and when you loose it it will be easier to find. That is always cheaper than replacing it.
I have always had great respect for the quality of 3m branded products , it is a name you can trust for quality. I used the tape on the side of my granddaughters motor scooter for greater visibility .
I use this product for marking trails through the marsh where we duck hunt.  When attached to a PVC pipe it last several years and lights up beautifully when hit by a Q-Beam.
It's a little pricey for tape, but I put stripes of it on my bike and it's made it much more visible.  It's no substitute for lights on night rides, but it's super reflective and even does a better job than the stickers I bought specifically for bikes.  I'd recommend it to anyone who ever rides a bike in the early morning or in the evening.  It's really increased my visibility.
Marine-grade reflective tape is more expensive than gold.  Which is why this product was such a good find.  It has held up well in salt-water environments.  Very good reflectivity.
It works as described.  I hope it lasts for a while since I just installed it and did not have enough time to judge.
This tape works very well and I cut it into thinner strips so it lasted me 3 times as long.  My only complaint is that the initial length of the strip is pretty short... 3 feet maybe?
I bought this tape to repair a rip in an all-weather car cover. It applied easily but it hasn't been exposed to rain, so I don't know how "water proof" it is. I wanted to tape both sides of the cover but there was only enough tape to apply to one side. I had a role of shipping tape which I applied to the outside of the cover. From appearances the shipping tape looks the same as the repair tape, though I suppose the adhesive may be different, and I don't know the comparative cost. If you have shipping tape on hand, give it a try, first.
This stretchy, sticky, thick and waterproof tape is the best money can buy for waterproofing.  It is super long-lasting and never peels off.  This product is getting harder and harder to find - help support it and buy lots!
I was estatic when I bought this wand. I drove home, blasting all the cars that approached me (in the dark...the lights really were visable) I may be 18, but that doesn't stop me from dragging this wand to work and playing with it with the kids. (I work at a supermarket)  At first I thought the sounds were random...and then I saw some of the Sailor Moon S Series, and realized that the sounds were from various transformations and attacks!  What is even cooler...is that it looks just like Usagi's! A must have for Sailor Moon collectors everywhere!
I LOVE IT!THIS STICK IS DRIVING ME CRAZY!IM HAPPY THAT WHEN MY DAD BOUGHT IT FOR ME AT AMAZON.COM FOR MY BIRTHDAY PRESENT.THANKS DAD!I PLAY IT 30 TIMES EVERYDAY!I REALLY LOOOOOOOOOVVVVEEEEE IT TO DEATH!WOW!THIS STICK IS AWESOME AND COOL.I KEPT IT AT SAFETY PLACE COZ'I DON'T ALLOW ANYONE TOUCH IT!I WILL CLEAN IT TWICE A DAY WITH A TISSUE.BUY IT!ITS GREAT!
One of my first memories is of my mom and I at some store one day. She saw the Sailor Moon brooch toy. She didn't know what it was, but there were only three left, so she bought all 3. One for my little sister, our cousin, and, of course, me! What she also didn't know was that was a beginning of a soon-to-be beloved series.My mom bought this wand for me for my birthday when I was around 10-12. I am now 21, and I still have it. :) (Along with all the other Sailor Moon items I had accumulated). The one thing that always bothered me was that the coloring is wrong- The bottom part and the sphere inside the crescent moon should be red. Not a big deal really when it comes to product quality. As for that, many people have been saying that it is a bit delicate. It can feel that way when you hold it, but the test of time has proven it to be quite the trooper for me. My little sister stole it one day so she could take it to a bday party. (She is the reason my Luna Ball no longer lights up or meows.) When we picked her up and caught her with it, I expected the worst. However, it still works to this day. The only damage she had managed to do was cause a shortage. If you push one of the star buttons and bump it or move it too fast, it cuts right off. I gave it's durability 4 stars because although it can be delicate, through personal experience (And amazing survival of the Sneaky Little Sister of Stealing and Breaking All Things, even at 17) It is still in great condition aside from the shortage she had somehow caused.
I bought this for my three year old daughter. She loves it but it sometimes gives me a headache. All and all she has hours of fun pretending to be sailor moon so I learn to deal with the noise. It's a pretty good toy.
My parents purchased this wand for me when I was 7 years old and when I first watched the show on Cartoon Network. I'm now 18 and have come a long way from the Sailor Moon series. I have recently gotten attached to it again collecting various things from the anime and manga. So glad I found this wand as it adds to the rareness of my collection.The wand itself is just a really awesome toy period. It looks exactly like the one Serena has in the movie and plays three different little tunes. I can't believe now it's $120 that is a little crazy considering it probably was less than $15 in 2000 ha. But IT IS Sailor Moon after all. This wand is simply apart of my childhood and I would never sell it for the world.
I bought this for my daughter, after buying the &quot;Spiral Heart Moon Rod&quot; by Irwin. It's longer, has hot pink heart with gold crown on top. It contains musical sounds from the Sailor Moon R series, much better then the whirly noises from this one listed. I like the Spiral Heart Moon Rod much more than this one, but it's okay.....
I really like this wand!! It looks exactly like sailor moon's wand in some of the &quot;seasons&quot;! It's really cute, and lights up too! The music isn't sailormoonish, which kind of dissapointed me, and it's kind of boring music, but it's quite fun, and a cool rpg item! I haven't had a problem with durablity, but it looks like you can't be very rough with it. This is a very enjoyable item!
I just completed a 5500 mile trip in my car using this power inverter to run a boom box, computer, digital camera or battery charger.It worked for everything, without fail, whether the car was running or not and even works seemlessly when transitioning from car off to car running.It never blew a circuit breaker, either the car's or its own.  As long as you don't try and overtax its 140 W limit (which I didn't) I can't imagine why you'd ever have any problems with this product
Does the job. Have had this I think 5 years without any issues. I keep it out in the truck so it's getting hot/cold, but keeps on working like new.
folks if you are looking for a great inverter, this is it. I am a storm chaser for the national weather service and this thing powers my whole truck. Radar systems, AC radio, and i'm sure there's more. it even powers a desktop computer! Lots of you complain that you can only get 120W out of you cig lighter. Well all you have to do is find the same fuse that is in the inverter and replace it with the one in you car. Volia, you can then pull up to 300 watts from your lighter
Compact, relatively light, great power output, what else could one want?
I have always wanted to go on car trips and play my PS2 in the car, but unlike gameboy it doesn't run off batteries. Then when I saw this I just had to get it because with this product you can take bigger TV's instead of those small little car TV's and I can also play my PS2. But some of the things that I don't like about it is that even if you plug in less than 300 Watts it can still blow the fuse in the car if used more than 45 minutes. That is because on most cars you cannot use more than 120 watts without blowing a fuse. There is an alternative though, you can get an accessory power socket.
This is useful equipment. I did not get to use it much though. The only time I really used it was to charge my laptop while driving long distance in Sri Lanka. It automatically shuts itself off when battery is low thus preventing the battery from draining.I bought this 4 years ago and it still works. No complains.
*2 outputs, great for plugging in a vcr along with your tv *300 watts will be more than enough needed for any object that your probably thinkng about putting in your car *Compact size *Nice appearence, not an eyesore **Only Con is that my car blew a fuse when i put a small refrigerator in the car, but i was just testing it out to see what would happen if i applied more than 300 watts.This is definitely the best for any price, i would of bought this for 30 dollars more than what i purchased it for.
Mine has been working fine for six years now, used in my work van in conditions of heat, extreme cold and jarring vibration.  The fan died two years ago, so I picked up a replacement fan at a computer store.  Running it in below zero cold probably spun the bearing, so it doesn't reflect poorly on its performance.  I've used it to power a laptop for GPS duty, charge my cordless drill, cellphone, shaver, video equipment, soldering gun, hot glue gun and just about anything else I needed to on the go.
This trunk organizer is just what I needed for my car. Does exactly what I expected it to. Itneatly holds everything from tools to windshield wiper fluid giving me a lot more room. Alsolike that it can be fastened to the back of the seat and so prevents things from moving around.Overall, it's a great buy.
This is helpful to keep things from sliding around the back of your car, but it has a tendency to tip if not fully loaded.  The fasteners need to be retighted occasionally.  It keeps things from rolling around, which is what i wanted.
Received one of these for my birthday and was VERY impressed by it! Truly the nicest creeper you will ever own and it's COMPLETELY made in the U.S.A. Dale Adams gets it right! It makes my whole garage look 10 times better just being in there!! Purchase one and you will not regret it.
Okay so prior to buying this creeper I already knew what to expect because my Dad bought one a few years ago and overall I like it. It seems very durable and almost rolls too good. I find myself having to prop up against a tire to do anything that requires too much force or you simply roll away. I like the casters (or wheels are more like it) and it will roll over cords though I don't recommend doing that.I absolutely love that the creeper and its parts are made in the USA. They even include a little brochure with the detailed list of all the parts and where they are made.The only reason I knocked it one star is assembly. After paying over $100 for this creeper - I get it and had to attached the wheels myself. That blows because it is 16 bolts and 16 nuts. Not hard or anything I just would have thought for $100 creeper they maybe could have done this at the factory.I am 6'4 tall and this creeper is a little short - but then again most items I try to use that involve my height usually are too small anyway. For the average size person I think this would be good.The other improvement they should make it the headrest is a really nice soft excellent quality piece but it is mounted too low on the creeper. You have your head stuck between the two ends of the bone which for me is a bad angle unless you are laying directly below your work and I try not to that at all. I find myself resting my head much more on the actual wheel housing on the end of the bone propped up a slight angle while working off to the side or above/below my face.In closing - I have done the cardboard/blanket and cheap creeper thing --- this is like a Cadillac over a Pinto - no comparison. I highly recommend it if you spend a lot of time on your back under rigs like I do.
89.99 @ a place near you.  utozone, This is the best creeper I've used. Go in, Order it and have it sent to a place near you and pick it up!!
I'm going to give 5 stars because it does everything it's advertised to do.  Low to the ground, rolls over trouble light cords and shop rags with impunity.  Yes, your head rides low in the cradle like others have noted.  I didn't think it was uncomfortable at all, and prefer my head lower so I can avoid getting grease on my schnozzle.Was debating between four and five stars because there are two things needed to perfect this beast:  1.  It's too heavy - it is a beast.  My old creeper was much lighter and easier to sling around and hang up out of the way.  2.  The wheel covers, or humps, are cumbersome, particularly when it's time to hang it somewhere.  My old creeper could just catch its wheels on the edge of a counter or board and it would stay.  Not this one.  I put a couple eye bolts on one side to catch two nails to hang on when not in use.Dale Adams still has some work to do, otherwise someone, someday, will come along with a better mousetrap.  Just sayin'.  Would I buy it again?  Yes.. but I wish I could have taken this one and a half a dozen others for a test ride before choosing one.
This is the first creeper I have owned and I really like it. I was tired of my fiance yelling at me for using old blankets and cardboard and then having a backache for days.It's nice too, because the wheels manuever good and it rolls over anything.  Gravel, thick extention cords, anything.Well worth the investment.
best creeper made you can just roll right over small stones that fall off vehicle you are working on. Also rolls over small ect cord like trouble lights.
We own a diesel truck repair shop. These creepers are just the ticket for getting under a around the tires on a semi-truck. They seem to be holding up to the constant use on the concrete.
Things really can change for the better over time.  The Bone is really quite comfortable to lie on.  Some reviews have noted that the headrest is uncomfortable.  I find that if I set my head a little off of center, that the headrest is fine.  Also, I can tilt my head over a little and rest it on the wheel housing.  This is very comfortable.  No more do I have to contend with cords or any other small objects getting in the way.  The large wheels glide over effortlessly.
Great creeper. The large wheels make it easy to move around and get over small debris on the floor. And best of all....Made in America!
Purchased as a gift and they were thrilled.  It's far bigger than what I expected.  The wheels are quite large so you can easily roll over a rock driveway in comfort.
As advertised, no issues.
Having recieved a bone creeper as a gift, along with the bone chair. I thought it would make a great gift for my son. Unfortunatley being six foot five it didn't fit him as well as me. so he returned it. I on the other hand LOVE this creeper and no one will be dissapointed in the quality. It is quite a bit heavier than most cheap creepers, but it rolls smoothly over air hoses and is a pleasure to use.  It may seem expensive at first glance, but you get what you pay for. In this case the Bone ranks up there with the best tools in my shop.
My husband loves it.  It arrived promptly and is obviously well constructed.  This product is far superior to anything else he (we) looked at, and it appears to be well worth the extra $$$$ spent.
Rolls better than anything I have ever used. Now i can fetch a tool without a major effort to roll out and get it. The only problem is that it rolls so easy that if something needs lots of torque the creeper rolls when i try to apply it.
Love this creeper, rolls very well across cement, gravel, dirt, etc and it is very comfortable. Seems extremely durable. Worth the money!
This works great because of the big wheels it can roll over cords and other things that a small wheeled creeper would hangup on.Sincerily Dave
Great creeper. I'm a big guy and it works well and is pretty comfy. Istalling the wheels was annoying because they have some stupid wings on the wheel casting.
I have long hair, and bought this after getting my hair caught in the wheels of a conventional creeper one too many times.This is comfortable, sits low, rolls VERY well due to the large wheels, and my hair doesn't fall into the wheels. Fantastic.I wish I'd bought one sooner.
The Good-- Made in USA, large casters, easy to clean, durable, low to the ground.The Bad-- very uncomfortable head rest (hard ribbed pattern- picture on Amazon doesn't show this), hip "bone" area not wide enough (doesn't allow legs to straighten out, knees must remain up- I'm 5'10"). If these two problems were corrected (wider at leg area and smooth/softer headrest), this would probably be one of the best/most desirable creepers available.Update:After using this creeper for awhile, I am happier with it. As far as the moulded black head rest thing- I just put my head at the opposite end of the creeper. Not being very wide at the caster towers doesn't seem to bother me as much now either, so I have changed my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars.
I hate it. Hard to get out of and head rest is hard rubber.
I've had many creepers over the years, from various manaufacturers.  This is the first creeper that really works.  Very comfortable, easy rolling.  It's rolls smoothly aswell.  I recommend this creeper to anyone that is thinking of buying one.  Don't waste your money on inferior products.  This is well worth the couple of extra bucks!
My husband inherited his grandfather's creeper and had used it for years.  This past summer, it was accidentally destroyed.  When &#34;the Bone&#34; box arrived, it was met with sincere appreciation and delight!  My husband's exact words were, &#34;Do you know these are the best around?&#34;  Yes, I did, which is why that's what he got!
The creeper is not as sturdy as I wanted. The mobility is good and the size is perfect. After I purchased this item I saw another of the same design for sale for $29.99. I was disappointed.
Something made in the USA?  Yes!  Had this for a few months now and love it.  It is very well built and the large wheels roll easily over small obstacles.
Really enjoy using this Creeper after I got it. Much more durable than the cheap ones made in other countries. Only wish the head-rest was a little bigger with more cushion to it. Other than that, the unit performs great when working on my cars. I'm 6'3" and weigh 275, and I can fit on it with no problems. The big wheels make all the difference when rolling around and under a car. Well built and Made in America!
Bought this for my husband, as ours went missing many moons ago.  It was delivered very quickly.He said it was very easy to put together, and is easy to roll around on the gravel and all.
i've bought several creeper and as far as being a bigger fella these creepers are the best. More padding on the headrest would be the only thing id change, but im not complaining about it.
This is a VERY high-quality product.  If you're looking for cheap, go to Sears, Auto Zone, etc.  And then go back in a year when the piece of garbage you buy breaks.  Also, be proud for supporting 3rd-world countries' manufacturing when you buy the other junk.  If you want quality, buy this.  And a GREAT indirect result of your purchase is the support of American manufacturing!
Very comfortable and easy to use. Wheels never get jammed going forward & backward under the vehicle. Not easy to hang on the wall.  I drilled a hole in the front to attach a rope so I could pull my kids around with it, they love it too. Like a low rider wagon.
this creeper rolls over just about any crack or debris that might get in its way. very comfortable and you can use the wheel wells as a head rest.
i am very pleased with this product.it is comfortable,easy to use,and very stable.it moves around very easily and is well built.i would reccomend it to anyone who want's a quality product.
Very high quality, from Kent, OH. US made! Very nice! I like the photo brochure that has the employees pictures on it. Nice to know Im supporting their families! 5 stars!
Great size, rolls well in the garage!  Birthday gift for my husband - he picked it out himself - and he LOVES it!
This is the last creeper I'll buy .very comfortable and smooth
Bought this on a whim and am glad I did.  It is comfortable to lie in.  It is low enough to offer good clearance.  The wheels are large enough to roll properly over small obstacles like expansion joints in concrete.  It is light enough to easily carry and can be stored in a vertical position anywhere there is room.  The little plastic head pad doesn't offer much head support or comfort but that doesn't bother me.  I use this for work on several vehicles as well as a motorhome.
Very nice. Way better than the $30 ones I normally buy and then get upset at.It is very big and I didn't get the off road one.I see it lasting for years.
In general I am pleased with the way it works, substantially as advertized. Easily the best creeper I have ever owned. However, the molded soft-rubber head pad leaves a little to be desired, namely comfort. It has a cute little bulldog image molded into it in high relief that produce raised ridges that are not comfortable to lie your head on. It would be better if the image were in much lower relief. As it is, it feels like rocks under my scalp. Also there have been times when I wish that I could raise or lower the whole pad to relieve neck strain. I mostly use the head pad as a butt traction pad by using the creeper the other way round. Another small item is the lack of a molded-in loop with which to hang the device on a hook for storage.
the convenience of this mechanics creeperis close to none!The wheels roll easilythe mobility of this creeper is amazing!
Made In USA. Im tired of crap made in china. For this reason I chose to purchase the Bone creeper. It looks and feels solid and is confortable on your back. You get what you pay for. Try for the free shipping it's worth the wait.
This is a very nice creeper.I am using it daily.The only flaw I have found is that,I am 6'3" and it is a little too short for me.I have that trouble with our 1995 Dodge Avenger,I rub the headliner.The 1991 Saturn we had was even worse.If you are average height,it would be ideal.I work in a garage for concrete trucks.We always have stones on the floor.The Bone's large wheels don't get stuckon them like your average creeper.I like how it will roll over droplight cords,but is not like they are not there.You have to push it over.
I got this for my husband who is a full time mechanic. He was using a cheap creeper and the bearings fell out, so I surprised him with this one and he LOVES it. It is built to last and is very comfortable.  Since he got it makes working on larger trucks that won't fit on the lifts easier.
I used one of these before i bought this one, so it was no surprise to me how well it performed.  The large wheels are so nice to have because they roll over alot (including belts, bolts, pliers, etc.).  The thing is very tough.  I actually ran it over with my truck and it wasn't phased.  I'm sure if you rolled over one of the wheels it may mess it up, but its pretty strong none the less.  I bet i'll have this one for a long long time, and thats why i bought it.  Its also comfortable too.
I got this as a gift after my parents in law saw me fighting with my previous creeper to install a part on a truck so we could go 4 wheeling.  This creeper is very comfortable and the large wheels roll over concrete joints as well as air hoses and electrical chords.  Potential buyers should know that There is no head support or cushion. The closest youll get is a rubber pad for the base of your neck.  I like this because it keeps my head low enough that I can easily see what I'm working on without getting in the way.
I had an old Sears crawler that was often just a pain to use because it just would not roll well on my driveway or garage. Most crawlers need perfectly flat, even surfaces.This crawler rolls very easily, seems to be impervious to uneven surfaces, is very comfortable and low profile.It is a little spendy, but definitely worth the money.
This creeper is the best I've ever used.  It has large rubberized wheels for easy going on rough surfaces and even in dirt/gravel.  It is very sturdy and easy to clean off.  I would highly recommend!
Works great but I just wish the wheel humps were a little lower. Otherwise its a lot better then the Chinese crap.
This is a good product. Rolls much eazier than other creepers, My son says it rolls too eazy.Sure beats a piece of plywood and those little wheel creepers.
I have an old creeper from a local auto store that I've been wanting to replace for years.  Unfortunately, with my 30-year old exposed aggregate driveway I need large wheels to not get hung up on large rocks or deep holes.The Bone with its 5" tall and 1" wide wheels practically glides over the surface.  Unlike other reviews, I felt the headrest was comfortable and the Bone easy to get on and off.  The raised corners to hide the casters does cut into your peripheral view a bit, but it is worth the trade-off.  The quality of the unit, including the hardware, is top-notch.  I expect I'll never wear this thing out.
I am planning to buy a mechanic floor creeper as a gift for a friend who is a mechanic. He, however, has an injured back.  Currently he uses a piece of wood without wheels as his creeper. Would the shape of the BONE worsen such his condition?
I would recommend this to anyone who has a shop. My husband loves how it cradles his body, unlike the rectangle ones that don't roll around very well and you end up coming off it. The entire product seems of high quality, and I would purchase again if it ever wore out.
I purchased this creeper for my son-in-law. He absolutely loves it! I have had a Bone for several years and would not trade it for anything. It will roll where other creepers are completely stopped! I would recommend this creeper to anyone looking for the &#34;best on the market&#34;. Well worth the extra money.
I purchased this creeper thru Amazon after seeing what else is available . I use a creeper very often  and so far this one is holding up very well .I would purchase one again .The larger wheels allow it to roll easily on the sub par concrete at my jobs work site . It has destroyed the small wheels on several other creepers . Great made in USA and it shows .
I had some back surgery a couple years back and still have residual pain. This creeper is super comfortable on my back, and I'm finally getting things done under my vehicles where I had been putting things off. My wife has a Honda Hybrid, and it's real low to the ground. Using just RhinoRamps and this creeper, I'm getting it all done. Thanks, Dale, and all the fine Americans cranking out this fine product.
This is the ultimate creeper! It's hugh wheels roll over almost anything without effort. The ergonomically designed "Bone" is very comfortable and is the lowest platform to the ground that I have ever used. I make my living as a mechanic and have for the past 15 years and will never buy another creeper other than the Bone as long as I need a creeper.Thanks Dale Adams for such a truely "worth the money" product.Klint.
I found this at SummitRacing.com for $106.00 plus 6 bucks shipping plus 9 dollars and change for handling......
The Steel Horse Auto &quot;Hitch Hand&quot; is a workable idea for the truck owner who needs to transport long materials.  In spite of the &quot;Made in China&quot; warning, the overall quality is good.  The only flaw in manufacturing was that the paint was much too thick to allow for smooth operation.Customer service, on the other hand was terrible.  Three paid telephone calls resulted in voice mail, hold forever, and then a rushed, rude response and a refusal to provide the three pins that were omitted from the box.No matter how good the product, one rude person can ruin a company's reputation.  And the refusal to provide three dollars worth of hardware (left out of the box by the manufacturer) eliminates this company from any future business.  It is a shame that the good quality of the Chinese manufacturer can't be replicated with high quality American customer service!
This product is an amazing invention.I use it to haul lumber to job sites.It has definitely made my job easier andI can respond to my customers needs in a timely fashion.I have also let other people borrow my Hitch Hand, andnow they want one for themselves.
The HitchHand was just what I needed to carry longer items in my F-150 SuperCrew's 5.5 foot bed. The only problem was that the packaging was sorely poor for such a heavy item. The first shipment arrived covered in tape, but missing half of the parts. Amazon was great though. They emailed me a RMA and return label, scheduled a pickup, and sent me a new HitchHand. The second delivery still had some damage due to the heavy metal parts pushing through the box, but all the parts were there and undamaged.
I purchased a Hitch Hand cargo hauler for my husband and he has found many helpful uses for the devise.  From time to time needed to haul deck lumber to job sites and it allowed him to transport it safetly in the bed of his pick up.  He loves it!  Every contractor should have one!!Laurie J.
Awsome product adds what every shortbed pickup owner needs for hauling. While the current popularity of club-cab shortbed pickup trucks is heating up, especially in the city where parking is difficult, many are realizing that their trucks suck when hauling full length building materials. The Deflecta-Shield 9900 Hitch Hand Truck Bed Extender adds that ability in just seconds. I put mine to the test the day it arrived. I assembled it from the shipping box in two minutes, added a hitch pin and was off to pickup 8' sections of slat-wall for an installation. Slat wall is very flimsy and previously there was no way to transport full lengths in a 5' truck bed. I added a sheet of 3/4" plywood extending from the bed to the hitch hand, drilled two holes in the plywood and bolted it to the hitch hand (hand is pre-drilled). After loading eight sheets of slat-wall I appreciated the hitch hand's curved bar. With the truck fully loaded I was able to exit and enter driveways without the hand dragging on the ground like a straight bar would have.
I purchased the Hicthhand as a result of having a new shortbed truck.  I used it for the first time carrying 16 foot 2x10's.  The load was stable with no chance of tipping out of the truck.  Just use plenty of tie downs!
GREAT FOR EXTENDING THE BED OF YOUR TRUCK.YOU CAN TURN IT UP AND USE IT FOR A LADDER RACK.I HAVE A DODGE DAKOTA SHORT BED, I WAS ABLE TO LAY FLAT 20' LUMBER,WITH THE USE OF A LIGHT PLUGED INTO MY TRAILER HITCH
It's hard to find a rear window sunscreen that is large enough for a minivan.  This fits fairly well in my Toyota Sienna, although it does leave about 3" on each side unshaded.  Still, it' s the best sunscreen I have been able to find for this vehicle!
The steel band clamp should only be used in one type of application. That being where you are putting two SMOOTH surfaces together, like a garden hose or radiator hose. But with a DC application of a ribbed hose, the steel band clamp is NOT the preferred choice, use the wire clamp.The steel band clamp will only strip and never be fully seated trying to compress and secure the wire rib to the smooth DC fitting. The steel banding and worm screw is not designed to do that task and provide the needed pressure to fully seat the ribbed hose. Whereas, the wire clamp will actually strattle the rib on both sides and create a perfect clamping fit.I tried to save the ten cents over the wire clamp, and wound up stripping the clamp thread on about 75% of the 3&quot; hose applications with the steel band clamps. I antied up and spent the extra cash and got the right product, the wire clamps for the ribbed DC hose.
Unable to find on local market but this 5 inch clamp fit all of my needs for adapting my large throttle body to intake !Great Shipping Time !!
The steel band clamp should only be used in one type of application. That being where you are putting two SMOOTH surfaces together, like a garden hose or radiator hose. But with a DC application of a ribbed hose, the steel band clamp is NOT the preferred choice, use the wire clamp.The steel band clamp will only strip and never be fully seated trying to compress and secure the wire rib to the smooth DC fitting. The steel banding and worm screw is not designed to do that task and provide the needed pressure to fully seat the ribbed hose. Whereas, the wire clamp will actually strattle the rib on both sides and create a perfect clamping fit.
What more can i say about this item? They want me to use 15 words and i'm having trouble coming up with it. I did it wooohooo
This is the greatest clamp anyone could ever own. You must have a clamp like this in your collection!!! Buy this clamp ASAP or you will be sorry. Don't hesitate!!!!!!!
absolutely love this thing! rolls very easy, maybe even too easy, you can scoot around all day! very comfortable, well worth the money. do yourself a favor and spend the extra bucks on this one! you will not regret it!!
I am no light guy. This creeper is the best. It runs over air lines with no issue!
Without a doubt the best creeper I have ever used. I have hated working on anything I had to get under a car to get to. This creeper has changed that. No more hanging up on cords, hoses, tools..... No more pinched arm skin and or hair caught in the rollers.Rolls easily is comfortable and very sturdy. I am 6'4&#34; and 250lbs and broke the last chinese creeper I had.Made in the USA and you have to love that!
I bought this creeper to use on rough concrete and packed gravel. I do have to say that it works pretty well for the terrain. The design looks kind of goofy, bit it really is as good as it gets. The tires are bigger, but you are lower slung which helps out under trailers. It gets pretty tight sliding under a truck rear end. The creeper seems good quality so far. It has a pretty big footprint compared to other creepers ive used, but it hasent proved to be a problem. I would recommend this product.
this is a grat item to have it almost meet all my spectation other than been very static electricity creator it great
I love this creeper.  It is smooth moving around on the floor and very comfortable.  LOVE IT!
This is my second Rough Rider Creeper. The first one I received eight years ago as a birthday present. It was used everyday in a heavy equipment shop and stood up extremely well. We are adding this one because there are occasions when mechanics have to wait on the one creeper. Excellent product.
This creeper is excellent in the dirt and light gravel.  Very handy to use either on trucks, heavy equipment or tractors.  Very durable and comfortable.
Rolls easily on hard packed roadbase or dirt even over the occasional loose rock on concrete or pavement. If the wheels were wider you could roll on softer dirt if needed.
I will say that I am surprised that such a well built product is being manufactured in the U.S.!  I figured with all the tax breaks to outsource everything, companies would be foolish to do that...but I am glad to see that DAE is not worried about those types of things!  They appear to be more focused on building a relatively nice creeper!  This thing is comfortable, sturdy, easy to maneuver, and can roll over just about anything!  Required minor installation of the casters, but that became an activity that my four year old could do!My only complaint is that the "neck padding" is extremely hard and painful!  As the item is pictured on Amazon, it just looks like a soft rubber pad, but IT'S NOT!  It is a very hard rubber bone design that becomes painful after about 5 seconds of resting my head or neck on it!  Basically, it is completely useless for what it was designed for!  The only options are to either flip the thing around and place a different pad on the blank end, or roll up a soft towel and hope it stays in place while you are working!  I mean for this amount of money this thing costs...I almost expected the thing to lift me off the ground and stand me back up, but a decent neck pad would have sufficed!Minus one star for the neck rest disaster, other than that...very nice!
This is great, goes anywhere, my husband and son both think its great.  We have a part cement & dirt drive.  The Rough Rider handles it very good.  We've had other creepers, that just can't move in dirt or over the cracks on cement. So far this one has handled everything pretty good. The way its designed, low, sure helps get that extra couple of inches to get under vechiles.
IF YOU WORK UNDER VEHICLES AND THE GROUNG IS NOT THE BEST  THEN THIS ONES FOR YOU!!  RUGEDLY BULT  ROLLS SMOOTH AS SILK!!  VARY HAPPY!!
Way over-priced. Very uncomfortable. Hard plastic, no padding except for small patch for the head. Very unstable on unlevel work areas. Would not recommend for the &#34;bigger&#34; guys.
I use this for outdoor automotive work and foundation repair under my house.  The black body is stiff and strong, quite comfortable too. It is an excellent design. My only complaint is that the casters bring down the overall performance of the creeper.  The ads say, "Wide, flotation-type tread," but these solid tires don't have any tread at all. The are hard plastic, and mostly flat.  As a result they don't "float" over surface irregularities like a rounded pneumatic or low-density tire would.  On pavement, the creeper gets hung up on air hoses, tools, etc. because of the rigid tires. On dirt, the creeper tends to sink into the ground, again because of the rigid tires.  I weigh 160 lbs.I may end up buying a better set of casters, but for [the money] I expected a top-notch product right out of the box.  This is probably the best creeper for outdoor work, but it would be unstoppable if Pegasus had selected better casters.
I bought my creeper several years ago because I was tired of grinding to a halt when I hit small stones or sand on my garage floor.  With this creeper, I can roll over air hoses without any trouble.  If anything, the wheels are too good!  Several times I've given myself a gentle push and gone shooting underneath the entire length of my car. I'm 210 pounds and this creeper supports me without an issue.The next support of the bone is good, although for long-term use you might want to use a small rolled up towel for a bit more comfort.The product is made of a heavy duty plastic and oils and fluids wipe right off it without leaving a mark.I love the fact that the entire Bone is made in the USA - that's one of the reasons I bought it.  The initial quality is very good and after several years of home use I'm still pleased with the longevity.The only reason I've not given this product a 5-star is because of the 'pods' that house the wheels.  There have been a few times when I've been working in a very tight space with my arms up around shoulder height and the pods have been in the way.  This meant I had to contort around them, which is quite uncomfortable.  The next day I've had bruises on my shoulders because of being pressed against the pods for an hour.Otherwise, I'd highly recommend the Bone.  I'd certainly buy another, but it's unlikely I'll ever need to as it's built so well.
Got this for use in my crawlspace. The floor is very rough and littered with small stones, old screws and bits of wire from the scummy previous owners of my house.  It rolls great on the rough floor and usually goes right over all the debris. Occasionally it will get stuck on something though, but I didn't expect anything to work perfectly in this situation.Good construction and very solidly built wheels.
It works good, a little hard for an old man to get out of.  It rolls very nice. i like the low profile.
I Bought This Creeper For My Brother For His Birthday And He Just Loves It.  2005 Mustang GT
This creeper is excellent in durability, and function when it comes to outside work, I am a Diesel Technician, I usually work outside in all kinds of enviroments, this is the only creeper that gets around in rough suraces anything else you are better off with a piece of cardboard.  This is my second one I owned, my first lasted my three years until someone ran it over with a forklift.However there is a trade off, it is not the most comfortable creeper.  As the entire surface is hard plastic and not ergonomic is tough on the body anly one small paded section for your head, and is not enough padding.If you constantly working in a rough area this is the tool for you.
Seems tough and durable.  The large diameter wheels do very well on rough asphalt.  It could be lighter and for >$100, it should have an adjustable head rest.
The Bone Rough Rider is the best creeper I have ever had. I have been using it now for a couple weeks, and I am very pleased! It is very solidly built, and rolls ok even on a gravel drive! Great job, Dale Adams Enterprises!
I received the Rough Rider as a Gift so I will not show as a verified purchaser but wanted to review it.First it is huge so be prepared for it to take up a little space although it is easy to hang up. It will roll over air hoses, cords etc...with no problem. It is very durable & I believe it will last a long time. I have always had cushioned creepers but this one is just hard Poly with a head cushion of sorts. I may find a cushion or have one made to make it a little more comfortable when needed although so far Im not finding it to be that bad.I do wish it had some storage for tools like my older creeper does but due to it being molded one piece that may be difficult to add.After I use it awhile I may update this review.
I purchased two of the Bone Rough Riders to use on rough surfaceand often over materials that fall out of construction andforestry equipment.  This is the best creeper I have found.Today I watched a mechanic roll over a 1 1/4 combination wrenchand didn't have a wheel hang up, really amzing.
Very rugged product,assembled very quickly and will roll over cords dirt floors and rough ground. If you need a professional creeper that will keep up with you wherever you need to go this is the one!
I bought this for my husband to use under our 5th wheel. He was pleased with my choice. We have an aggregate driveway and he loved the strength of the wheels. After requesting one as a gift he had become concerned that our driveway would make it hard to roll around on one. When he saw this one he was no longer worried. Very very pleased!
I've been using this for a few weeks now. The product is uncomfortable and the 'wheel wells' do not allow for much free movement above the shoulders. They get in the way when working overhead. I frankly found the standard cheap creepers more comfortable and versatile. Quality of construction is pretty good. The casters are great. I just have problems with the usability of the Rough Rider. Not worth 5 times the cost of a standard one in my opinion.
This creeper is such an improvement over my last one that there is no comparison. I only work on truck however so I cannot comment on the clearance issues other may experience. The wheels get stuck on tools like impact wrenches instead of tiny little pebbles. I bought this for use on my outdoor projects and it has proved extremely useful. The brochure that came with the creeper was a very pleasing read, all about manufacturing in the USA. Buy this!!!
This is a great creeper, it works well on rough floors or in parking lot. It is built to last, good value for the money.
Says it works great compared to his other creeper sich didnt roll well and was to small to fir him he's 6' 4&#34; so he needed something large enough to lay comfortably on.
Contacted the company to complain about the head and neck rest. Talked to the owner. Absolutely disgusting how he will not stand behind his product to fix the problem. Problem is the head and neck rest is molded in a 3 dimensonal logo out of some very hard product. Feels like a bunch of rocks under your head or neck. Seems company is more interested in a logo headrest instead of comfort for the customer that has to work with it. I would never ever do business with this company again..
This is a fantastic product.  In comparison with the tradional small wheeled creepers, the bone moves over rough terrain with ease.  It definitely makes mechanic work a lot easier.  Very happy with my purchase.
I purchase this Creeper for my guy.  He is please with this product and I am please of the price!  Thank you, again!
I purchased this for my rough floor in the shop.  Works so good, my friend needed one, so I bought him one too.
The headrest is terribly undomfortable and the claims that its oversized wheels allow it to ride over rough ground and even cords do not hold up.
I read another review that using cardboard works good, I can confirm that. Used this on a truck in gravel and although it would move with effort over the gravel the cardboard in the end worked out much better and cost nothing. Its a monster size compared to other creepers and the huge wheel pockets make it difficult to work around. Try the cardboard in uneven surface and use the smaller creepers in the workshops.
Well packaged, easy to assemble. The wheels are a major asset for &#34;roll ease.&#34; I was surprised that the wheels used lock washers to attach to the creeper instead of ny-locs. But other than that , it works fine for me. I am an owner/operator of a class 8 diesel truck and do a lot of my own maintenance.
This is a High quality creeper that works on all types of work surfaces even gravel , pasture, grass it just is the best creeper you will ever work with or sleep on . A very proven product for me and hundreds of my customers as I sell these! Thanks
I am completely dissatisfied with this product. Before purchasing, I phoned PorterCable and specifically asked if this generator would run both my compressor( rated by the manufacturer at 3,200 surge watts(2,475)and my circular saw.I did this on more than one occassion, knowing how frequently  unknowledgeable staff give false answers. I was assured it would. No such luck once I owned it. It won't run the compressor, even with the valve open, under no pressure. No help from PorterCable. I have since tried friends' and co-workers generators rated at less than this model's 5000 watts and/or 6875 surge and they will run the compressor all day. PorterCable now tells me only half, yes only half of the wattage is available to 120 volts, the full load to 240 volts. And I'm stuck with it.
Reading the reviews, I see I'm not the only to have warranty problems with Tecumseh Engines. I bought this and it worked great. But it is way to loud. We had a power outage and it would not start. It was still under warranty so I thought no problem. WRONG!... I had a carb problem. Repair center said this would be a disputed repair. Because there was a possiblity I might have put gas in it that had some debris in it. Isn't that what the gas filter is for? Anything big enough to clog the carb would have gotten caught in the gas filter and stopped the flow of gas right there. Anyway I called Tecumseh and talked to someone named JEFF in there customer service dept. Jeff was suppose to be the first customer service reps supervisor who I got nowhere with. Jeff said he'd call me back He never did. I called agian a week later and left him a message and he never called back. I called again and left messages with the girl that answers the phone for anyone from their customer service dept. to call me back and explain why this isn't under warranty or why they won't fix it. And I'm still waiting 6 months later. Then I find out that Tecusmseh had consistant carb problems with several of their engines, this being one of them. The carb was defective according to the repair center, but Tecumseh would not pay to fix it.
Live and learn I guess. Don't get me wrong, this unit is powerful and the electric ran smooth. But there is no reason this thing should be so loud. I have to put plywood in front of it to deflect the sound. Tecumseh could have put a better and bigger muffler on this engine. They tested this motor when they made it, so they didn't realize it was so loud. Or did they decide to save a few bucks by installing an undersized ineffective muffler? As a builder, I start early and have many complaints from neighbors calling village halls about the noise. I even tried calling Tecumseh to see if this thing could be modified to make it quieter. Plus there is no excuse for the cheap plastic oil stick that come with this. The plummer I use has a Coleman Powermate with the same 10 hp Tecumseh motor with the cheap plastic oil stick. Same noise problem. So I can't blame Porter Cable other than their poor choice of using the Tecusmeh engine in this generator.
I bought the DeVilbiss version before PC bought them out (...).  If you can isolate the unit from where it is going to be used, it is a very powerful unit, easily starting motors with minimal draw.  Power appears to be clean with very little voltage fluctuation.  Don't know how long the engine will last but as a back-up power supply, it has all the guts you need if you can stand the noise!
Works great, everyone needs this tire gauge.  It is easy to use and easy to read.
I bought this product after a long time of using its other model (LCD display).  I was happy with the other one, but hey, what if I have to read my tire pressure in the night with no light?  So, this is the BEST solution to this, RED Backlit so you can read it in the night or when it's pretty dark!!It also comes with a very elegant case, looks like glasses case!Remember, measure your tire pressure with cold tires, if you have just parked your car after a trip over 20 minutes, the tires will be filled with hot air, so the pressure will be more than normal (maybe 1-4 pounds, depends).
This gauge works fast and easy. If you want to be able to check your tire pressure anywhere fast and easy - this is the product for you. And it even looks very nice and got a solid feel to it.I had to use it quite often, because of a punctured tire (without me knowing) and it never let me down, but gave me exact help in refilling my tires. I would buy it once again.
I got this for my Dad last Father's Day and he fell in love with it. This is the same man who for all his life relied on a pinch and a kick to test his tire pressure. He found it easy to use, very accurate and likes the long-lasting battery feature.
Been using mine now for over three years. Got 'em real cheap at the time. Had ordered five of them. I gave four to close friends and kept the one for myself. It works very well and is easy to use. You get a nice spring hinged fake leather covered medal case with it. Just like a REVO sunglasses case.Con: The rubber nose piece starts to slide forward of the metal case after using it for a while. It happens from pushing it on the valve stem. No big deal, though. I just push the lip back into the metal housing and never had it come close to coming all the way off.I would buy it again.
This is a good tire gauge. We've had it about a month and so far it works fine -- seals properly and gives consistent, accurate digital readings that are easy to read. It comes in a hard case for protection, too, which is nice.
I had an older Accutire that did not work well on my new car. I figured it was worn out and ordered this Gauge. It doesn't work either. It is impossible to maintain a good seal between the valve and the gauge. Instead of investing in fancy backlight etc. Accutire would have done much better by using a high quality sealing mechanism and not that flimiscal plastic/rubber combination. Using a different Gauge with a solid brass/metal connector I have no trouble at all. In short: I do not recommend.
Bought from the TireRack a few years ago. This gauge was ok at first limited angles due to design, sealed ok. But the rubber end didn't last end resulting in this thing being pretty much unusable.  Look elsewhere.
Long on looks but short on durability and quality of material.  With use, it becomes more and more difficult to get a good seal between the guage and your valve stem because: (1) the outer rubber sleeve on the tip of the guage tends to slide when you press the guage against the valve stem of your tires; and (2) the actual piece of the guage that makes contact with the center of your valve stem is made of plastic, not metal, and it wears out rather quickly.  The result is that my guage does not even work due to worn parts after only one year of moderate use.  Although now useless, the guage looks so nice I still have not thrown it away.  Maybe I will use it as a paperweight!
I bought 3 of Accutire MS-4000B Deluxe Backlit Lithium Digital Tire Gaugekept 2 and gave 1 as a gift. They work great and are very easy to use and read. I would recommend this product to all. Shipping was timely and trouble free. And the product worked great right out of the box.Cliff from Albany New York
This is the greatest tire gauge. My friend had one which I really liked. My other digital one disappeared when I had my car serviced and I wanted to replace it with this one. Glad I did. Works great and even has its own case.
I've had 3 of these and have given 2 as gifts.  They're inexpensive, but as others have mentioned, they suffer from an inadequate seal.  Old fashion analog gauges have a good rubber seal on the inside that the MS-4000GB lacks.  In fact there is no rubber at all.  Because you're pressing plastic (the gauge) against metal (the tire air stem), you must hold it perfectly flush or air will escape, making a reading difficult to get.  To me, this is the only thing wrong with this great tire gauge.  I've looked everywhere and haven't found a better digital gauge.Accutire should have used a good rubber contact, but my guess is because rubber wears out faster than plastic, they wouldn't have to worry about as many warranty returns.HOW TO IMPROVE IT:Get something called "rubber tape".  You may need to buy this online or you might be able to find it at your local hardware or electronics store.  I used "3M Scotch linerless rubber splicing tape".  The thickness is important.  I used .03 in. (.761mm).  I wouldn't go any thicker.  Get something thinner if you can.  You don't want to make it any higher than the gauge's white airhole center nipple.All you need to do is cut it to the diameter of the inside of the gauge's mouth, then cut out a small hole for the air hole.  It doesn't have to be perfect, but the inside hole should be more perfect than the outside.After performing this simple modification, my gauge was about 5 times easier to use and gave perfect readings.  No more fiddling to get an airtight fit.When the rubber wears out, just replace with new rubber tape!I only recently came up with this idea, so the 2 I've given as gifts have probably gotten little use because of this "flaw".  I highly recommend modifying the gauge before giving them away.
I bought this on sale a few years back and I found it more of a chore to use.  The plastic tip does not create a good seal on the valve stem and It usually takes me 2 sometimes 3 times to get an accurate reading.  I think this could be avoided if the tip was metal.  Also, there is no bleeder valve, so if you're tires are overinflated, you need to do more work.  I personally use the Accutire MS-4021B which I find far superior and it's way cheaper.  Strangely, it's cheaper but more ergonomic and practical as it has a nice thumb rest to help you get a better reading and it also has a rubber grip.  Personally the best gauge from experience is one of those analog ones that have a built in bleeder and have a filler chuck so you can fill the air through the unit and bleed off whatever you don't need.  Trust me it saves you a lot of time.  But if you insist on one of these digital gauges, I recommend the Accutire MS-4021B.  It's cheap, it works, and it's more practical.  I give the MS-4000 2 stars because it wastes my time and there are better products out there for less.
In addition to the previously discussed problem of getting a good seal, I tried to use it the other day, and found it is totally dead. Replacing the button cells did not correct the problem. Seems the lithium battery failed prematurely. Considering the seal problem, I doubt I will bother to pay shipping & insurance to return it to the manufacturer for repair even if it is within the 5 year warranty.
Product works great!!!  Used it up against Sam's club mechanic and it passed with flying colors.  Would purchase it again.  Try it, you'll like it.
The unit is said to shut off automatically, but I only got one use from it before it died. I'm not sure if the problem was with the batteries (which are supposed to last a "lifetime"), but I didn't care to spend over $10 for replacements to find out.
I have been unable to use the tire pressure gauge. Need better info on how to operate the gauge
This is a really good gauge. With its backlit display and almost accurate readings you never go wrong. You need to learn to hold it properly with out the air leak, which I am sure you can after few tries...
Well it was a gift for someone and he liked it a lot. I bought this item after comparing it with other similar items and am happy that my decision was absolutely correct!!!.
While the gauge itself is accurate, the center plastic tip wears out after about a year of use rendering the unit inoperable.  Should have used a metal tip.  Sorry I spent the money.
Very practical gauge, works well, easy to use. Display is easy to read. Ergonomically designed. Nice storage case.
I purchased 3 of these because they were highly rated by a consumer mag. All 3 show the same rating. I paid 1/3 of retail so the price was great. shipping was fast and free. According to this gauge, my other gauge had me putting to little air in the tires. I read an article that said better to put 5 lbs. too much than 1 pound too little so that's my guide if this might be reading high. very happy with purchase experience.
this gauge is nice, feels solid, display is easy to read, turns on and off automatically, and looks cool. This is the best pocket gauge I have used. I cannot talk about the precision of the instrument itself, or how reliable the numbers are. But it is better than all of the 15-20 dollar gauges you can buy at sears and auto part stores.
I've used it quite a few times and agree with the reviewers that said it was difficult to get a good seal.  In addition, this morning while trying to open the case, which is not particularly easy, the gauge popped out and dropped about 2 ft.  After that, the backlit LCD screen did not work, making it very difficult to read.
Believe me, this product work. Whether it is a -20 degree coldness or 110 degree heat. It works. I haven't changed the battery yet and this is just stored in my glove compartment .This is a must buy.
Looks very neat but difficult to use. Getting a good seal is hit and miss. What should be a simple procedure takes too long and frequently ends in loss of air in the tires. When you do get a seal, it works quite well.
Very accurate. Tight fit to use on a motorcycle, but works. Nice case and great features.
Does anyone know what the battery numbers are for the replaceable batteries. Mine are dead and I have lost the manual. Thanks
I have found this tire pressure gauge easy to use and to read.  The unit is made of high quality materials and comes with a nice case to keep it from getting damaged in your glove compartment.
I bought one of these for myself some time ago and the men in my family really liked it.  I'm giving 3 for Christmas presents this year.  It works perfectly and tells you exactly what your tire pressure is.  No guessing as with the old stick type.
I bought one and it doesn't work.  Now I have to "return" it--which is morecostly than just throwing the piece of junk away.  I'm sure they planned itthat way.  Don't buy it.
I bought this for a Christmas present but just had to try it when it arrived.  It is very light-weight, easy to use and looks great.  Even the case it comes in is high quality.  I am now haveing second thoughts about giving it as a present.  I want to keep it for myself!
I've had this for over ten years with the original batteries. It stays in the glove box in the heat or in the cold.
Correct tire pressure (as per the recommendations of your auto and tire manufacturers) benefit you in several ways:1. You get better Gas Mileage using properly inflated tires2. You're vehicle will give you a smoother, more comfortable ride3. You'll have better control, handling and be less likely to have a blow out (underinflation can lead to an accident). In Short: You'll be safer.So obviously, I like to check my tire pressure about once every other week, and before any trip of an hour or more (or any trip that involves high speed driving on an expressway for that matter). So obviously I was searching for a tire gauge.I read all the reviews before purchasing this digital Tire Gauge. I liked the idea of a Digital Tire Gauge with a backlit LCD Display that I could carry with me in my car. It's compact size means it can go right in the glove compartment. The fact it's DIGITAL means greater accuracey. Traditional, cheap gauges are difficult to use and read - with this you get a clear reading without any squinting to guess whereabout the needle is. The backlit display means you can read it easily, even in the dead of night on a country road. Further more a lifetime lithium battery, and the promise of reliabillity and a 5 year warranty also influenced me to buy this.To most of those ends, this product works very well. It appears to give accurate readings (I haven't used it enough yet to really tell you how accurate it is, but the company claims it's very accurate and this appears to be so). The backlit display is nice and bright and easy to read. There's a clip for ease of carrying. It's got a nice look to it as well. It's also extremely simple, no on or off switch just put it to the tire nozzle and you get your reading then it shuts itself off. Nice right?Well while overall, Im pleased, I do have a few complaints. First the company sucks. There is no phone number or website where you can contact the manufacturer if you have a problem. Also that amazing lifetime lithium battery... well if that sounds too good to be true then you'd be right! When you read the manual it clearly says the lithium batter should last a very long time, but will eventually die - at which point they will replace it, but you have to mail it to them! And you cant call them, they dont give you a number! So basically you send them the gauge and pray you get it back... I dont like that deal much. Also they dont tell you there's also 2 other button cell watch batteries that are in the unit. These will need to be replaced every now and then but only are necessary for the backlight display. The unit works fine without them, but the backlight is really handy in the dark, so you'll likely want to replace them.The body of the unit is also inherently flawed. The battery compartment is attached via a VERY tiny screw. Good luck getting it off, even my eyeglass repair kit screw driver was too big! What's more the middle section is little more than an alluminum sleve. This comes right off without any effort and to get it back on you must take out the screw on the battery compartment. This is hard to explain unless I could show you... but you'll see what I mean if you buy one :) I simply solved this with a few drops of super glue... problem gone!The last little gripe is that it can be a wee bit difficult to get a good seal. It's not a huge deal, but occasionally I seem to have to try a few times before I can get a good reading because it doesnt always seal perfectly the first time.A few minor complaints... but that's ok. It didnt cost a fortune, and it does serve it's purpose. If it were made by a better and more commited company, didnt have that little design flaw with the body sleve, and could get an improved valve stem this product would probably get a very solid 5 stars. Water proffing would be a blessing too as sometimes I worry about getting this thing wet.
how about few words like they dont fit size not good thats all i can say if you cant put it on your feet how good can it beworked great
Don't buy this!  After trying to use it on three seperate occasions, was able to get it to have some kind of legible reading off one tire, once.  There are no instructions on how to calibrate it, or if it needs to be applied to the tire stem with some kind of special maneuver, etc.  Tossed it and bought an "old fashioned" pneumatic guage that is very reliable and accurate.  Don't know why I thought this would be better in the first place.
I've had this gauge for a few years, but stopped using it with any regularity pretty quickly. Worked great the first few months, then the plastic tip wore out and no longer stayed centered in the hole, and it now takes several tries to get a good seal and thus a good reading. The rubber shroud over the tip slips forward and gets in the way as you push ever harder, trying to get a good seal and bleeding off pressure with every try.Don't waste your money. I just ordered an Accu-Gage, with a real brass tip, made and calibrated in the good ole USA.
It only made a good seal for the first week.  Now it is impossible to get an accurate reading because rubber gasket fell right out!  Case and nice finish are definitely advantages, but they don't outweigh the fact that the gauge broke within 10 days of buying it.  A $15 analog tire gauge looks just as cool, and is much more accurate.
Its a good product, very handy and effective.The only shortfall is the dispaly, some times it might not come up as fast you would expect. Still overall a good product.
The air pressure gauge is hard to seal when pushed onto the valve stem.  It is hard to get a accurate reading with the leak.
I've had one of these for almost 8 years.  Hasn't given a wit of trouble.  I gave my husband one 5 years ago which did fail, but the company replaced it with a new one when we sent the defective back.  How can you argue with service like that?  I've bought 3 more this season to give as gifts.  I've found that the seating does take a bit of finesse, but the old fashioned slider gauges used to give me more issues.  Don't hesitate on this purchase, correct tire pressure is important and everyone who drives (teens and women especially!) need to learn how to check pressure regularly.  I'm a female driver and love this gauge.
Was not impressed with this item. recieved it new in package and decided to test it againts a mechanical tire gauge. Air pressures varied or couldnt get a reading. Somtimes  showed lower or higher than I expected. Is a piece of junk since it seemed to work better after having to buy new batteries.  I should get a refund  on this
Looks cool, a huge pain to use it takes me four to eight tries to get a good reading. I would pass on this.
This product definitely comes for a low price, but then its too flimsy.I tried opening the stuff and it came off and I was not able to fix it.
This gauge seemed to be accurate and well built.  Worked very well for about a year.  Then the seal that mates with the valve stem became loose and distorted.  After that, the gauge went in the trash.
This was the perfect gift, for a friend who constantly checks tire pressure.  It comes with a case and easily fits in the glove box.  Digital readout?  No more stickey readings!  This new technology easily allows you to read and check the accurate tire pressure.  Definately a nice gizmo gift for most anyone who takes care of their cars!
I bought this item and then returned it. The gauge didn't seal very well on the tire stems in both my cars of different makes (8 stems in total!!) and let out a large amount of air. When it does seal, the readings had large differences between consecutive reads.
This is the 3rd unit I have purchased.  I have one and I bought one for each of my two sons.  I have had my unit for 4 years and it still works great -- well constructed, accurate, and easy to use.
Without a doubt the best tire gauge I've purchased.  The display is bright enough for those with poor vision to see well enough to read.  I like the fact that the reading will stay displayed for several seconds after it's been removed from the tire stem.  I could only ask for the size of the display to be a little larger.
harder to use than a traditional tire gauge. I've had trouble making tight seals with its built in rubber nozzle gasket, and overall therefore readings have varied. I'd just as soon buy a regular gauge next time, though this one does indeed *look* slick.
Easy to read-great storage case-however, must hold on tire stem a little longer than standard pressure gauges to get reading
This little device with the case is a convenient way to keep your tires properly inflated.  Tire pressure is important to getting good gas mileage, but is not the only factor.  This digital tire gauge appears to be very accurate and repeatable(not so with the gauge at the delivery station).  It is small enough to fit in your glove box or the center console.I've had this gauge for 2.5 years and it has really helped keep my tires at the correct pressure.
WOW !! What a product !! I wonder why the gas pumps still use that old brass thing...the product is good with a lifetime battery what else do you want for less than $10.. now i dont have to wait at the gas pump for measuring the tire pressure I can do it at ease at my home and the light indicator gives you the exact tire pressure instead of me guessing on the flcikering brass indexer...
I've had mine in the trunk for years, never had a single problem with it.
love it, its easy to use. I check my tires more often because of it. Lifetime warranty on the battery. sounds good.
One of the best bargains yet that we have purchased from Amazon.
I had a previous non-brand name digital tire gauge and it worked great but eventually died. I bought this one thinking it would be better. The first time I used it I couldn't get a good connection at all and it kept giving me multiple readings.  It also does not seem to keep the number on the display after the reading. It would disappear before i could read it fully.
I have had the gauge for about 3 years.  Worked fine for that period.  The "lifetime" lithium battery has died, and nobody at the company is returning my emails or calls about how to get it replaced.  Very annoying.  So divide the purchase price by 3 to get annual cost.  Then throw it away.
The gauge takes some finesse to seat the tire gauge gasket to the valve stem without repeatedly letting air out of the tire.
The MS-4000B is even worse the the MS-4021B. It too, willnot make a airtight seal with the valve stem. A usefullreading is next to impossible. The surfaces should be softor rubber coated or something. Trying to seal a tire valvewith a hard plastic surface just plain awful.
I can't really say what's 'wrong' with it, but my husband said it's junk. I thought it looked nice. Oh well. Guess I wasted more money. Hope it works out better for others.
I bought another one of these tire gauges for my daughter because it is the best & easiest to use tire gauge I've ever had.  I checked & I couldn't find any newer gauge types to even begin to tempt me to try something different.  Mine is at "least" 10 years old and is still working like a champ.  What I love best about it is that I can find the right position on the tire stem very easily and the numbers are big for easy reading.  You can't go wrong if you purchase this tire gauge.2010 Update:  My daughter just told me this tire gauge stopped working not very long after I gave it to her.... however, my own very old one is still good.
Great product, easy to use, and accurrate. Hard to read in the sun. Otherwise no problems.
The rubber sleeve on the business end rides up and gets in the way of getting a good seal on the valve stem. Its also a too fat and requires a certain angle which makes it hard to get a reading from hard to reach valve stems like on my motorcycle.
This is the most accurate and reliable tire gauge I have ever had; I bought one for each of our vehicles. Highly recommend.
I had to buy several of these because people keep taking mine.  I take mine everywhere and there's always one in my tool box, well, people use my tool box, and the next thing I know, I'm missing another gauge.This item is a little on the bulky side, but it quick, reliable, and it gets the job done.  It's also nice looking enough to be given as a gift so I really like these and would definitely recommend it to anyone.  I've also tested it and it's accurate to 1 psi.  Meaning, of all of these I've owned, the most they've ever been off was by 1 psi.
Received this as a gift a few years ago to replace the plethora of traditional "stick" type pressure gauges floating around the glove box, garage, etc.This Accutire gauge offers a faster tire pressure read due to two things. First is obtaining a good "seal" between the gauge and the valve stem. The Accutire obtains a good seal far more quickly. The quality of the Accutire's head is far superior to the head of the stick-type gauges (... the manufacturer can spend a little more for a better head). Also the size of the Accutire allows you to hold it more firmly and position it more securely on the valve stem. Second is reading what the gauge tells you. With the old stick-type gauge, you have to ponder, "Is that 33 psi or 32? Wait, how many tick marks are covered up inside the stick? Oh, It's actually 35 or 34 psi. Well I guess it's 34." Clearly, not a problem with the Accutire; the digital display tells you immediately.The case that the Accutire comes in is pretty nice. Mine is a silver-metallic plastic with a solid feel (your mileage may vary). With the case, the Accutire is very easy to find in your glove compartment (vs. fishing for those old stick-type gauges).The real testament is that with multiple cars and just a single Accutire gauge, while each car still has a stick-type gauge in the glove box, I will go to the car with the Accupressure to use it on the other cars.
Works great.....use it on my Harley and it is a perfect tool for Father's Day!
Accutire MS-4000 Digital Tire Gauge is an outstanding way to check the tire pressure of your car.  I've own one for 12 years and it still works.  I purchased three more for my family and frind. It comes in a very nice case for storage in your glove compartment.
Although a lot of other people commenting this tire gauge of being not accurate or not display the pressure stably. It's acutally not the tire gauge's fault but all because those people don't know how to correct operate the gauge. They are supposed to use the gauge to seal the stem for at least 1 sec for a stable reading. Power is auto on when there is air pressure present on the gauge and auto off when displaying the reading for 5 secs. It has very classic look and premium build and finished. It's definitely a bang for the bucks. ($9.00 buck is only 3 cups of Starbucks, right?)
This thing is pretty cool.  I have not had any problems with it so far.  The display is east to read which is nice.  Seems to work better and a lot more accurate then those old sliding types.  I found it easy to use and fairly simple.  This is a great little gift or something good to have in your car or laying around the house.  It was coolBig Truck
Before buying the Accutire MS-4020GB Digital Tire Gauge, I was using the typical manual gauge which wasn't giving me a precise measurement of the pressure in my tires.  Now, with this gauge I can have a better lecture when I put air into my car tires.  This is helpful since most of the times you need to have the recommended pressure on your tires according to the car or tire's manual.  It has a nice hand grip, very easy to use and it measures pressure is in 0.5 psi incremental.  I do recommend it for those out there who are looking for a more precise measurement, instead of using a manual gauge.  I did in fact reviewed other digital gauges out there in the market, but I went for this one due to its low price and the manufacturer specifically makes measuring systems which gives you more confidence regarding support and other technical issues.
Great idea, gauge no workie! No instructions for re-setting (not Zero set) just -0.0 staring back at me. Worse! No website with which to lodge a complaint or ask for help (even though it's not rocket science). C'mon guys, it's 2003! I must be one of the unlucky ones or just unbearably grumpy.
This is a good, easy to use digital tire gauge.  I think this is a better value is the Accutire MS4000-GB.  However, if you want a backlit display, spend the extra money and buy the 4000-GB.I would recommend this gauge for someone who needs to measure tire-pressure up to 150psi.  If you only need to measure tire pressure below 99psi, and you want a backlit display, look at the MS4000-GB.
I thought this was a nice item when I purchased it two years ago.  I always carry tire gauges and liked this one -- easier to read than the traditional ones for these old eyes.  However, I just went out to check my tires and the gauge doesn't work.  Aha, it must need a new battery. WHAT!  One can't replace the battery?  Dang!  This thing has a "lifetime" warranty; unfortunately, it's warranted for as long as the battery lasts.  Don't waste your money -- the traditional style never needs a battery.  It's like the Energizer Bunny and keeps working and working.
This is by far the best tire gauge I've ever used at any price (and by that I mean from a $2 K-Mart special to a $60 precision mechanical gauge).  It's accurate, easy to use, and easy to read.  I liked it so much I immediately bought a second one so I could have one in both cars.  You won't regret this purchase.  For what it's worth, Radio Shack sells this same gague under their own brand label, and they sometimes put them on sale for $...
This product was purchased in the Fall of 2002...Of the ten or so units on the display rack, two of the units' LCD readout turned on by itself when I squeezed the handle.  The reading was 00.0.  The units may have been dropped by other customers.  Who knows.Having checked all of the open box units (the newer shipments were sealed in plastic blister packages), I bought the one without the abnormal symptons.  For comparison, I also bought a store brand Mastercraft Canadian Tire LCD digital unit for the same non-discounted price.  Thank goodness for their generous refund policy at this store.Tests were conducted on one cold tire.  After 3 readings, the Accutire consistently read 30 psig (which was the recommended tire pressure for my car).  The Canadian Tire unit consistently read 30.5 psig.  The cheapest spring loaded stick-type tire gage consistently read 32 psig.I can safely declare that either one of the Accutire and Canadian Tire gages are correct within 0.5 psig as specified.  The stick-type gage is way off.Pros;1)  Accurate to within 0.5 psig which is acceptable for safe and economical driving.2)  [cost less]3)  5 year warranty.4)  Aside from the occasional cleaning of the tip, and as long as you don't drop it; it's maintenance free.5)  Low temperature tolerable lithium battery.6)  For my hands, the unit has an ergonomically comfortable rubber-coated grip.7)  Air tight seal on all valves tested everytime.Cons;1)  A bit chunky in size for compact storage inside the car.2)  It's an electronic equipment, so be delicate with it.3)  Not designed to be water resistant.The unit has sat inside the car through one 2002 frosty southern Ontario winter, and several hot and humid 2003 summer days.  No problems so far.A valuable and value priced tool.
Very, Very Good Gage - For Something With a Battery It Lasted for Ever - Well 9 Year & 10 Months-  Wish I Could Finds Another One for 6 Bucks.
Easy and practical way to assure more working life to your set of tires. Highly recomendable!!
This is the best tire gauge I've ever had. I have it for 2yrs now and still works great. Well worth the $9 i paid for it.
Excellent.  Exactly as described.
Works great
Best thing I've bought for my garage and car... It makes parking my car in a tight spot safe and easy... I don't know how i survived without it.
Works like a charm, every time. Easy to install! I bought this as we got a new minivan and it is longer that our former vehicle. This prevents you from hitting the wall and having to guess if your are enough forward so the garage door doesnt hit your car.
After owning it for less than 6 months we'd changed batteries twice in it... we gave up on it and just visually align our parking because we're sick of changing the batteries.  It's claim of 1 year battery life is no where close to accurate.
If you have ever had a dad or husband who hung a tennis ball from the garage ceiling so everyone knew how far to park, then this is the PERFECT gift for your dad!
This is exactly what I wanted. Condition was new, and as advertised. Using it in our garage now. Thank you.
i been looking for something like this for my garage .i t will be so like when i get it .
I HAVE PURCHASED 7 OF THE PARK ZONE PZ1100 PARKING DEVICES. I ORIGANALLY GOT ONE FOR MYSELF AND SON, IT WORKED SO WELL I HAVE NOW PURCHASED THE 7 UNITS . THESE ARE REALLY GREAT . THEY WORK AND HELP A GREAT DEAL IN PARKING A CAR IN A GARAGE. THEY TAKE THE GUESS WORK OUT. I RECOMMEND YOU TRY THEM.
I followed the directions to a &#34;T&#34;.  It goes off when I walk by it and I think it has some effect on it when I back my car out and return.  I mailed the product registration form in and it was returned &#34;Moved no forwarding address&#34; Product is very disappointing
I have two of the Park Zone Parking Devices  Would not like to do without them. I would recommend them to anyone.
ordered this same unit over 10 years ago...worked great then and the new one works just as well.Save yourself repair work.
This item makes parking in the garage a breeze.  No trying to figure out if in far enough or whether bumper is too close to the wall.  When the red light says to stop, I know that the car is exactly where I want it.
I had a hard time finding it and was impressed you had it. My brother bought one for my mother about 10 years ago
I purchased three (3). They all work great.It uses four (4) AA Batteries.  I could not insert the Duracell batteries; so I fixed the problem by clipping the springs.I will have to wait and see as far as its reliability.  I hope the use of Duracell batteries will lessen the frequent batterychanges.
This is my second one.  Lost my first one some how when I moved.  I like it because it is hard to set up something cheaper like a hanging tennis ball for a convertible.  I read reviews from people who felt the Park Zone doesn't last long.  I just installed this one, but I do know that I had my last one for a couple of years without a problem.
In two months the product has used 3 sets of batteries.bought at end of nov. now jan.
This product stopped working correctly after a week of use, the battery life is not very good. I would not purchase another one!
Works great for us.  No more damaged cabinets and always the perfect park.  They should change the name to the perfect park.
I have the exact same model on my other garage door and it has worked great for many years and now have a need for it on the other bay, great unit
I have one of the older models which works beautifully.  This particular one does not work well at all.  Wish I had one of the older models.
I needed this to help me park in my garage. It stops me it the exact place I need to be. My husband installed it with little effort. Great purchase!  Dilivery was fast.
Put it in my parents garage. Was simply an excellent devise. Saved the car the wall and me from having to hear about the car hitting the house. Very easy to install.
Purchased this for my elderly parents who just purchased a new Buick. With a new car in the garage, it didn't make sense to have primitive string and ball hanging from the rafters.I was able to set it up in under 5 minutes, using an electrical outlet nearby. Batteries are great if the installation is away from an available outlet.It worked the first time with no adjustments necessary and the price is very reasonable.
What can I say other than 'it works great.' Very easy to install and setup. Simply park you car where you want it and press a button -- the park-zone will remember this location and signal you to stop whenever you pull in to that spot again.  Took about 4 minutes to hang and setup.  Batteries last a long time -- and in a very hot garage, too. I love it.
The car gets parked in the garage to his satisfaction every time now...
I purchased this particular Park Zone product for my daughter who lives in an apartment and has her own garage.  It works beautifully.  Unfortunately, she is having to replace the batteries every 3-4 months which I feel is not cost-efficient.  I now wish I had bought the higher model that can be plugged into an outlet.  Was it not for the battery issue, I would have given it at least 4 stars.
Works great, and is a great help in parking for whole family!  Especially for my children and Wife, (plus) me!
I have poor depth perception and am simply crappy at judging how close to the wall I am when pulling into the garage. Before installing the Park Zone device, I had tried a few other strategies to prevent bumper bumpage in my tiny garage. A tennis ball hanging from a string did not work, as my dog is a tennis ball freak and was constantly jumping up and chomping on it; parking ramps did not work as I would miss them with my wheels and bump the wall anyway. So I gave Park Zone a try after seeing it plugged on a home improvement show I like called Michael Holigan's Your New Home. With the help of my wife, who did not need the device really, as she can park within a gnat's...distance from the wall by sight, we installed the device in a few minutes. I then got behind the wheel and tested it out. Perfect! Within a gnat's...distance from the wall when the light turned from green to red. Why do I give it only four out of five stars? Because it is battery-powered, and not solar-powered as I would prefer. I realize that little sun gets into my garage, but I would be happy to mount a solar panel on top of the garage.
Had purchased one previously as a gift which they used for years with no problems.  It quit working so purchased this one as a gift again and it would not sense the vehicle. So am returning the item today.  Will probably order another to see if it was just a defect with mine.
I installed this unit for my mom's garage and it works very well...no more dents in car or drywall,this unit replaced a very old one that did not work anymore...same brand
Purchased for my husband for Christmas. I knew he wanted, but I was skeptical (just another toy). I was wrong, sure am glad I got him two!
Great parking concept. ours is 15 months old and works great. the issue we have is that the THE PARK ZONE OWNERS MANUAL STATES YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO PARK YOUR CAR FOR ONE YEAR WITHOUT HAVING TO REPLACE THE BATTERIES!!!THIS STATEMENT IS INCORRECT. We have had to replace the 4 AA batteries every month and that becomes too expensive. This reason alone i do not recommend this product. We have gone go back to a ball on a string hanging from the ceiling when pulling into the garage as a stop location and it automatically goes up to the ceiling when the door is closed.
We bought two of these gadgets at a garage sale for $5/ea. and couldn't believe how wonderfully they worked.  They are precision devices and allow us to park our extended mini-van in the garage perfectly every time w/o having to get outside to make sure the garage can shut.  The battery problem that a couple people are talking about is probably because of improper placement or clutter in the garage.  We noticed that the device was staying on all the time because we were refinishing a piece of furniture in the garage that was just close enough to the sensor's range that it was activating it (it always thought a car was being parked) and it never shut off.  Once the sensor was repositioned and clutter removed battery life was extended to manufacturer estimates.
It works great, it is the second one that I've had and so easy to set up. Would recommend to anyone
The reason I gave it a one star is because the one I received was used.  Barely packaged worth a crap, used mounting screws rolling around in the box, screw threads packed with dry wall from the last guy who had it.  The green lite does not work but the other two lights do.  Pretty bad when I paid for a brand new one and got this crap in the mail.  So much for getting my Father a nice gift.  Not happy at all.
Does exactly what it is supposed to do. Tells you when you are far enough in the garage to close the door behind you. Does this by using a red light to tell you when to stop. Works great! Have 2 of these in my garage for the last 5 years with no problems.
This little device does exactly what it is supposed to. Battery life so far is excellent. Very easy installation and set up. If you have a need for this type of device, this is the one to get.
The product works sometimes. Unfortunately, I park in my garage all of the time. If you're looking for a product to solely rely on, this is not it. It looks good but the functionality doesn't match.
It was working fine, except draining the battery ( 4 AA) so quickly.  I can not keep up with replacing the battery every month.  The box says that the battery lasts 1 year.  That must be a printing error, 1 month instead of 1 year.
Received device, set it up as per the instruction sheet, and it does not work.  Had a friend set it up again, and it still does not work.  We had one previously and used it for years until it wore out.  I will not buy another one, but wish someone could tell me how to get the new device to work. Is there something not included in the instructions?
This was extremely disappointing. I have had a version of this for both of my cars for the last few years. One of them seemed to be dying so I bought this as a replacement. The difference was startling. My old one had a reliable green, yellow, red sequence. Red came on reliably at the same point. This unit did not. The picture with the light pushed through the garage wall that someone posted said it all. It is completely unreliable. It usually does nothing until the red light comes on and then you have no idea whether the car is in the right spot or not. I took it off and repaired my old unit instead.
Well, I had wanted this for a long time.  Just got one for Christmas and couldn't wait to get it installed.  We followed all the instructions, even measured.  But if I didn't have the sense to stop short of the wall, I would have hit it because the light never turned on.  If it did turn on, it would turn on way too late.  Poor produdct, :(
I live in a townhome so I have a very small one car garage. I have a small tool chest and workbench along the back of the garage and there is really only wnough room for my car. I honestly only have about a 6 inch space between my car and the garage door and my tool chest. As you can understand, I need something to make sure my car is in the same exact place every day. I bought this from Brookstone in a mall around christmas time of last year. It only worked for a couple of months and now it doesnt light up at all. You can click the only button at the top to reset it, but it does not remember the setting. I unplugged it and then it started to work for a couple of days and now if you back up it seems to work when it shows green, then it shows yellow and as you slowly back up it starts to blink a couple of times and shuts off. Now I just open my door and stop a couple of inches in front of a crack in my garage.It is a better buy to get one of those things on the ground which your tires sit in, or even make a mark on your wall to figure out when you are in a good spot.
I went through 3 devices before giving up . Great concept ; totally unreliable when it works at all .
I found this "precision parking device" on clearance sale at Target for $5, so I figured I'd give it a try. You know the truism/cliche " you get what you pay for"? It definitely applies here. Construction is cheap, design is awkward. Even $5 was too much to pay for this craptastic device. Mine worked fine for a week or two, then sporadically for another week before it failed completely and was moved to the trash... "precisely" where it belongs. Don't waste your money!
This thing is completely unreliable.  I tried a variety of sensor heights and distances, and THREE DIFFERENT CARS.  I moved everything else away from the sensor but the red light would not come on.  I could have driven right through the wall without it telling me to stop.Apparently, based on the other reviews, a few people have gotten lucky, but there are also plenty of other people like me for whom it would not work at all.  The odds aren't in your favor.
Item works great and is a great aid in parking in garage. Our entrance door is in front of car and it helps immensely when we can park safely three feet back.
EASY TO INSTALL,BUT I FOUND OUT THAT IF YOU UNPLUG IT THAT YOU HAVE TO RESET THE DISTANCE TO THE CAR,SO I WAS WONDERING IF THE POWER GOES OFF AND YOU DON'T KNOW IT, WELL, THE RED LIGHT WILL NOT COME ON UNTIL IN MY CASE , YOU WILL BE TOO CLOSE AND BAM GOES THE WALL. I THOUGHT THE BATTERIES WOULD BE A BACK-UP WHEN THE POWER GOES OFF BUT IT SAYS NOT TO LEAVE THE BATTERIES IN IF YOU PLUG IT IN. ON THE GOOD SIDE IT WORKS VERY WELL WHEN THE POWER IS ON  BILL
I tried this unit for about two weeks, and had to switch it to another location.  Okay value at $23; but rather like the ceiling mounted laser idea.PROEasy to install. Easy to use.  Pretty accurate (+/-2inches).Comes with a AC power adapter that I wasn't planning on using.CONNeeds plenty of space around echo locator or their "ultrasonic transducer" (Also ping'g is audible and may by annoying if you're sitting in front of the sensor).  I have it next to a garage/home entry door with a little traffic.  This is a major problem, i.e., unit does not like things left in front of unit- like a bike or box.  In fact, shoe-high boxes or other items placed unwittingly in the sensing range or left under the subject car may throw off the accuracy of this device.  Unit is suppose to revert to "Default-Mode to check against such nuisances".  It definitely does not like much people traffic in front of unit.Batteries were suppose to last a year.  I was in fact planning on running just on batteries; but, they can drained unexpectedly (&lt;1wk) probably due to a mix-up of the four modes- Home, Away, Park, and Default.  Caution- current is spec'd at 60ma average.  (Don't know how that works out to a year.)  Luckily, it came with a AC power adapter.Area around transducer needs to be clear by roughly 2x2ft in front of unit.Conclusion:I had to buy one of those laser systems for greater reliability at a comparable price. Also like the fact that it's more accurate.  Almost guaranteed of a AC outlet on the ceiling.Product: Park-Zone PZ-1500 Precision Parking Device, Dual Powered, 110V or 4AA Battery Operated (Not Incl'd)Mfr: Measurement SpecialtiesDistance transducer to car: 3 ft (recommended 1.3-16)Distance btwn transducer to floor: 1.8ft (recommended 2.3-3)Times device had to be recalibrated: too numerous to countApproach speed: &lt;5 MPHInput power: AC Adapter
Was easy to install.  Really helps when pulling into the garage.  I don't feel like I am going to run into the wall.
I recieved as a gift and thought it was great, for a while. The green light is so dim you cannot see it. I called and was told that was normal and it is caused by the green lens being too thick. This is wrong, the green LED is too dim. If I wasn't happy they suggested I return it.
This model is a much improved product from the previous PZ-1100.  The problem with the PZ-1100 was that it was battery operated and that you couldn't park within 1-2 feet of the device or it wouldn't stop you accurately.The new PZ-1500 is great that you don't have to use the batteries.  Just plug it in and it is ready to go.  It still has a little problem with parking too close and keeping the distance accurate.  We park 6 inches from the wall and it has trouble with that short of distance.  It still works, but it turns red about 3 inches before I would like it to.  I'm not going to complain as it works MUCH better than the previous model.  I think it would work great if you set it about 12 inches to your car.
This device works exactly as it should.  It works well with either battery or 110 volt power.  At first I used the batteries until I got my wireing set up.  Reseting it was simple after the power change.  It enables me to stop my car in the same EXACT spot every time.  Before I got it I would have to pull into the garage, get out of the car and check to see how close the back of the car was to the garage door and then sometimes have to move the car again.  I need the car to be as close to the garge door as possible to allow the maximum amount of space in front of the car and this device enables me to do it every time.  However, in the summer of 2007 it started to deteriorate in it's performance and is no longer reliable so I had to put the little "rubber ball on a string" back up.  It seems to be a sensor problem but I am not sure how to clean it or clear up the problem.
Works as expected based on the product description.  Installation was simple (less than 10 minutes).  Much cheaper than replacing damaged sheetrock.
This is a great product for people who have to park in a defined space.  It is very accurate and easy to install.  It will not help you if your parking issue is width related, it only works for people pulling in to a garage.
This has been a great help in parking in the garage and stopping at the correct distance from the wall.
One of the parking spaces in our garage ends at the furnace, so going too far when parking can damage the furnace.  Several years ago I bought a Park-Zone parking device to use in our garage.  It worked great - but it had a major deficiency - it was battery operated.  It used four AA batteries and it ate them quickly.  I finally got tired of feeding it batteries and let it die peacefully.  I recently found a version on Amazon that had a 120V power supply and didn't need batteries.  Otherwise it is identical to the one I originally had.  Now with it plugged in we can park without fear of hitting the furnace.
Tie a plastic golf ball on a string and tie it to the celing of your garage.  Position your car where you normally park and lower the ball until it hits your windshield.  Price .25 cents.  HAHA.  But seriously. This item stinks.  It works 1/2 the time.  Has a VERY ANNOYING clicking along with it.  CLICK CLICK CLICK.. AWWWWWWW  Cheap plastic.  Dont drop it, it will break.  Makes sence seeing it was made in Japan.
Have had two of these for years (8-10). They are still working great. They are mounted next to each other in a 2 car garage and have ad no problems.
I purchased 2 of the Park Zone 1500 based on my neighbors experience with an older model. The older model has one sensor and works great all of the time. The new model that I received has two sensors and works sporadically at best. I have at least twenty holes in the wall from trying to get a suitable location for the sensors. I have a car and a minivan and when I enter the garage with either, end up backing in and out several times just to get the unit to light up. My neighbors goes from green to yellow then red every time. Very disappointed.
After installing the Park Zone, I no longer have to get back in the car and adjust my walking room around the car.  It's simple and easy to set up, and now when the light turns red, I'm in the exact spot to gain access to the back lift gate, and walk around the front without any problem.  Product does what it says it does.
This thing hangs on the back wal of my garage and has a series of three lights, green, yellos and red which tell you when you are finally close enough, but not too close to the garage back wall. Since I installed it, my wife has not backed into the garage wall once. It's little short of miraculous.
Setting up is a snap: (1) I mounted the sensor at the front bumper level. (2) Mount the light at eye level. (3) Connect the curly wire from the sensor to the light and connect the a/c adapter. (4) Park the car at the closest position. (5) Turn on the device. That's it!Pro: It does exactly what it supposed to do.Con: The battery last less than one week! Must use the power adapter.
great product yet be sure to purchase the AC adapter, as the batteries wear out quickly
The price was fair and the item arrived quickly. However, the green light does not seem to work and the directions are not helpful for that problem. If someone would like to advise me how to handle this problem, my number is 847-659-1284.I have to be honest and say that the absence of the green light is not fatal as I really go by the yellow and red lights to park.
The first one I got didn't work correctly, it never would configure itself properly (kept blinking the red light).  After getting the first one replaced, it seems to work pretty well.  Makes backing the truck in super easy, which the old tennis ball doesn't help with at all.Amazon is amazing in the return process though.  They are very fast to ship replacements, and very graceful in the amount of time you have to return the old one.  They provide an easy way of printing out a label too, the whole return process couldn't have been better.
The "Park-Zone" has kept us from not stoping in time and hitting the deepfreeze which in turn would in turn hit the wall causing dammage to both. It is so easy to watch the lights turn from green to yellow and then to red and the distance between the car and deep freeze is perfect. Approximately 2 feet.E. Sinclair Cedar Park, Tx.
This is a handy little 3-color traffic light that hangs on the back wall of the garage and guides you into your parking spot by showing a green, then yellow, and finally RED signal. You can select the right distance from the wall for YOUR car, which makes it a much better choice than similar items that use the same fixed distance for all vehicles.Once in a while the little devil seems to have trouble making up its mind about where you are as you approach, so I have deducted one star from its score.  In spite of this criticism I have just purchased a second unit for my "other" car. There's nothing better on the market that I've seen, and you'll get lots of approving nods from the other gadget geeks in the neighborhood.
This product is great!  With its green-yellow-red light system, the driver knows exactly when the car is perfectly parked.  One reviewer stated, incorrectly, that you cannot use more than one in a single garage.  I have had two functioning in my garage for several years, without problem or incident.  I have mine plugged into an outlet, rather than battery operated, so that may improve performance, but if the product is aligned according to the easy-to-follow instructions, there shouldn't be a problem.  My oldest son just got his first car, and my first purchase was the Park-Zone to ensure he doesn't wreck his car pulling into the garage!  This product is definitely a 5-star product!
I was hesitent to buy this product because of the reviews I read but I thought I will give it a try anyway.I bought this for my dad and it has not worked right since we installed it.The green or yellow lights never come on and the red light only comes on sometimes and at the wrong time.Do yourself a favor, don't buy this product.
This comes with a surprisingly long "instructions" pamphlet which mostly just goes on and on and on about how this is so easy to install.  And it is very easy.  Just put it up, plug it in, and it calibrates automatically.The trouble is, if that doesn't work, the complete lack of things you can do renders it entirely useless.  I wasted hours trying to move the car, change the position of the sensor, unplug and replug to get it to recalibrate, etc. and no matter what I did, it consistently proved useless.  Most of the time the lights don't even come on, or it gets to yellow when I'm all the way in the garage, but sometimes it goes to red while I'm still barely with the nose in.The only really useful suggestion they offer for how to correct this kind of problem is to change the height of the sensor, but they provide very little by way of guidelines of what height to move it to.  I followed their guidelines, then tried various other heights.  For my efforts, I now have a lot of unnecessary screw-holes in my wall.  None of them helped, though.For all I know, I got a bad unit somehow, but in their quest to make this easy to install by removing all control the user has over it, they made it impossible to even tell.  If you get lucky and it happens to be able to find your car like they intend, you'll get great use from this.  If you don't, there won't be a single thing you can do about it.  Feeling lucky?
I love this item!  I have had mine for about 2 yearsand have bought two of them this year for gifts.Makes parking in the garage so easy with room left toget around the car.
I've owned this item for over a year. The problem I find with it is that is is not accurate when you are trying to park close to the wall it is attached to. This defeats the purpose for me. I don't think most people have no problem parking within two feet from a wall. If you want to get inches away from a wall this may not help you.
A new large pickup truck and a small old garage. The #PZ-1500 Precision Parking device quickly solved the problem. Five minutes of easy installation and parking in the garage is easier than ever. I highly reccomend the #PZ-1500 to everyone.George RohrerEdgemont, Arkansas
Bought this to help the wife park her new car in the garage.  Easy to install and dead on every time.  The first few days were a bit frustrating because we tried to use it with batteries.  The next day the red light would be flashing constantly.  Finally took the batteries out and hooked up the AC adaptor.  No problems since then.  One star deducted for the battery problem, otherwise this gadget is a hoot.
The park zone works very well except if there are objects too close to it.
I purchased one of the parkzone in March 2003. It worked fine. I was so impressed that I ordered another for the other side of my garage. It too worked for a period of a month, then started acting up. I reset it changed battery to no avail.I then calledMeasurement Specialties to find out what was wrong and was inform that you can't used two in the same garage. I informed them it had worked for a month. They said that some when tested did for awhile. So I'm stuck with it. No refund by Amazon.com because of the 30 day policy on returns and no refund from Measurement Specialties.For this reason I gave it a one!!!
I have the 2-sensor version and it hardly ever works.  Every now and then the lights will go from green to red as advertised, but sometimes it will just sit at yellow even after you have passed the safe point.  In fact, today, mine stayed yellow so I advanced the car and completely obliterated the sensor with the cars bumper.  After the sensor was completely crushed, it still read yellow, and it never changed to red.  I guess I'm a glutton for punishment because I went and ordered another one, this time the version with only 1-sensor.  I'm hoping that the reviews below are accurate and the 1-sensor version is much better.
This is a wonderful way to ensure that you always park in the same spot in your garage.  Our garage holds two large SUVs, barely, and using the Park-Zone 1500 makes it a breeze to park, with room to spare.  Heartily endorse!!
Our garage is a tight squeeze for our Toyota 4-Runner & GMC Truck so we got these to help us stay aligned in our own "spaces" & in order to be able to close the garage door & yet have enough room in front of the vehicles to walk, etc.  We have found it to be very helpful to us & have had no problems.  We have had to re-align a couple of times, but is absolutely no big deal to do at all. I would recommend these to any one who has the same "space" problems that we do & in fact, bought one for our son & daughter-in-law just last week.
Extremely easy setup, just four mounting screws. Calibration involves putting the car where you want it to be and pushing a button. That's it. The only thing you need to know is that you can't race into the garage to park. My wife was going too fast. Also you have to take into account the reaction time it takes you to stop when the light turns from yellow to red. The other thing to note is that it states it needs 3 feet of clear wall space on both sides of the sensor. So you need am uncluttered garage. I got away with about 1 1/2 feet on each side. My only complaint is that the instruction sheet print is so small you might need a magnifing glass to read it.
Does not work. I have tried everthing.Had simular device from Radio Shack and never had a problem.I would not recomend this item.Henry BloomPark-Zone 120-Volt Dual-Powered Battery-Powered Precision Parking Device #PZ-1500
This product could be a great aid in parking your car in your garage without hitting the back wall but, it does not work at distances closer than 1 foot.  I need to bring the front bumper of my car to within 1 to 2 inches of the device.  The Park-Zone turns red when I come closer than 12 inches.  I had to resort to a block of wood that I feel as I come within 2 inches of the back wall.  Bottom line:  if you have more than 12 to 15 inches from your bumper to the back wall when your car in completely in the garage, the product is reliable. If you need to come closer than 12 inches, this product is not for you.
I ordered this item, it was delivered very promptly by Amazom.com.  It was easy to install, but took longer than 90 seconds, as indicated by the manufacturer.  Park-Zone can be installed in any garage, and simply guides you to the exact distance from the wall that you determine.  It operates on 4-AA batteries (which are said to power the unit for a year) or the AC adapter included.  As you drive into the garage, a green, amber, and red light guides you to the right spot.  I'll be ordering 2 more for our other cars !!
this product works great. I need to return it because the distance of operation as stated by amazon`s web page is .5 - 16 feet. this is not correct. the operation booklet shipped with the unit states 1.3 to 16 feet. and this is ture if this is the distance you need. I ordered this unit because my distance requires .5 to 16 feet as advertised by amazon. not 1.3 feet.
This litlle piece of technology has saved me from running into the wall of my garage so many times I can't count. I can't imagine parking in my garage with out it, I have now had this for almost 4 years and have had no issues with it at all.
I bought one via amazon.com by auto alley.  Had problems from the start.  Did not work on AC power.  Maybe because the power supply put out 15.6 volts instead of 9 volts listed.  Even 9 volts seemed high when the unit takes 4AA batteries or 1.3 volt x 4 = 5.2 volts.  Unit did not set up at all on AC power but did on batteries.  Even than the Green light did not light when parking though the yellow and red did. Could park this way but definitely a bad product.  Called auto alley and they stated they had many problems with this unit.  Last heard from.
A+ Product.  Running it on A/C, no problems.  Wife parks car perfect everytime, leaving the garage real estate exactly where we want it.  Excellent supplier service, no problems, shipped as expected.  Excellent price too!
I bought this for wife for her birthday.. she's always so nervous about where to stop in the garage.  The ultimate gift a must for all!ease of installation, unpack, and hang on wall and plug in... calibration took less than 60 seconds, and worked perfectly 1st try..wife pulls in now with full confidence and you know i like it too..!one of my best value purchases of recent
I was skeptical when I first purchased this item because I didn't have any confidence in it's ability to accurately gauge the distance of a bumper to the bumpee (a.k.a. the wall).  But, after installing it my confidence was immediately buoyed by the unerring accuracy with which it issues its green-yellow-red sequence.The setup and installation took about 10 minutes.  Anyone can install this thing!  The instructions were clear and easy to follow, and the provided templates make sure your installation goes easier.The ONLY complaint I have about this device is the number of wires it leaves exposed.  Depending on the distance from an AC outlet, it can be aesthetically unpleasant.  There's a wire from the signal light down to the sensor (the wire that's shown in the photo), and then another from the signal light to the AC outlet.Overall, though, I love the device.  And... it works with multiple cars and doesn't seem very sensitive to bumper height.5 Stars!
This product really works and it took about 2 minutes to set it up for the distance needed between the car and the front wall. The instructions are clear and very easy to get it up and running very quickly. I would totally recomend this producr ro anyone having a problem with distance between the front of the car and the wall.
I love this device.  You simply mount it on the garage wall, park your car the distance away from the wall you prefer and turn it on---it programs itself.  It has worked every time.  My husband really thanks this company for making it!  Love the 110 Volt capability.
Wonderful product, very simple to use, only took a minute to setup.  I would recommend this product.  Read directions and should be fine.  Definitely buy the one with AC power, no batteries to worry about.
Easy to install.  My 4 door pick up is a tight fit for my garage (I have a 2' allowance).  Before I installing this device I would occasionally bump the wall or have to pull up a bit further.  Not any more  -- Perfect every time!!!
This thing works like a charm.  I have a very tight garage, and the Park Zone parks my car perfect every time.  Comes in real handy when you back the car in too.  Can't imagine my garage without it.  Well worth the money.
Sensor works great. Very accurate. Only minor complaint is that the green light is not very bright.
I tried this unit for about two weeks and finally returned it.The unit never seems to sense the car properly as it enters the garage. The green light never came on while approaching, and then finally the yellow would light shortly followed by the red. The performance was intermittent, in my opinion, and we decided that placing a mark on the wall was just as good and costs nothing. I can't recommend this device based on it's sub-par performance.Data: Car type, Toyota SolaraDistance for calibration to car: 3 feet.Distance between transceiver to floor: 2 feetTime device recalibrated: 25Approach speed: &lt; 5 MPHInput power: AC AdapterBy the way, I am a Quality Engineer by trade....
I don't have easy access to electrical outlets on the far side of my garage, and I don't want to be running wires everywhere, so I ran both of the units I bought of off Batteries. They worked great at first, but the battery life if very disapointing, I think because the don't go off quickly enough. To change the batteries you have to take it off the wall, and it loses its distance setting, so you need a second person to direct you while you pull in the car. After changing the batteries every month it seemed like, I got sick of it, both devices are still up on the but not being used. I'm going to look into the Laser of the stop stick.
Excellent product! Should have bought one years ago as the wife loves it and can finally park in the right spot every time.
This is really a piece of junk. It went bad on the 3rd day of use. The red light keeps flashing. Reset won't work.
I am not happy with this product as it only works intermittently. Have tried several things so that it will work on a more consistent basis and nothing has worked.
We used this thing for years.  As long as thee power doesn't go out it will always serve you well.  If the power goes out, it loses its mind until you set it all up again.
The product works great. Suggest buying the model with the AC plug in, well worth the extra dollars. Manufacture suggests a 90 second installation. What world are they living in? It took me 90 seconds to pull the car into position.... It took me about 1/2 hour to install and set up. Also the screws supplied with the unit are way to short. I guess they want you just to screw them into the drywall. Me, being a perfectionist installed longer screws into the studs or wall plugs. Beside the screws and the fictitous installation time, the product works very well.
I have had this item for over two years and it sometimes works and mostly doesnt, usually falls off the wall. Great idea, product needs improvement.
I had to replace my old park zone and bought this one.  I didn't realize that this was not exactly the same as the older version.  It looked the same but it did not work the same.  When I installed it on the wall, I was able to calibrate it with no problems.  The lights blinked as it should and thought I was ready to go.  When I came home from work, the lights did not light up at all as I tried to park the car.  I recalibrated and tried again but the lights would not come on.  I decided to return the item.  It was not the same as the older version.  Unfortunately the old version is no longer available.
I have used one of these for many years and loved it so I purchased 2 for my son and his wife. they don't know how they lived without it. My statement great product get rid of the tennis ball and relax.
I purchased this last year for Christmas for my husband although it ended up on my side of the garage.  It is very accurate, was easy to set up and still using the same batteries from when we installed it a year ago.  Everyone that sees it just loves it and I am purchasing another one for a friend of mine.
This was a good, no hassle transaction with prompt shipping, and a productthat was as described.Thanks!
I purchased and installed the PARK-ZONE as per the instructions.. It works great exactly as described.. It's for my wife, for her birthday I bought her a Jaguar and sho wasn't use to parking it in the garage so your product was the perfect solution... now I only have one problem teaching my wife to drive in slow enough to stop when the RED light comes on....
This is a life saver as my wife could never park properly in the garage before now. It was easy to setup and is perfect for those minivans and SUV's that you have trouble seeing if you are all the way in or not.A great item.
The park Zone is everything it says it is, easy to install. The lights work as stated and goes close to the wall. No more worrying about hitting the wall, would recommend this to any one.
This has saved me so much anixiety when I pull into my garage.  I have a bigger truck now and could not judge how far I was from the wall.  Now I don't worry, I just pull forward until the red light comes on.  Great product, easy to install and so far, works great.
I've had this product for a couple years and it worked well for that period of time.  I have a wraught iron railing to a staircase that I have to avoid hitting when pulling my car in the garage and we had to make some adjustments to the device in order for it to work.  Luckily I have a son-in-law who is very inventive.  We were able to use a longer telephone cord, run along the railing, to attach the sensor onto the railing as the railing was getting in the way of the sensor if placed on the wall as intended.  The railing causes an optical illusion and determining the car's front end distance was very difficult.  This product works well with the adjustments we made.  It did only work for a couple years, tho, and I need to purchase another.  Hoping the next one lasts longer!
What can I say other than 'it works great.' Very easy to install and setup. Simply park you car where you want it and press a button -- the park-zone will remember this location and signal you to stop whenever you pull in to that spot again. Took about 4 minutes to hang and setup. Batteries last a long time -- and in a very hot garage, too. I love it.
dosnt work all the time when it does it is helful. but overall not the best product
the park zone works as described.  you must have an electrical outlet nearby in order to use the power cord supplied.  i also purchased the standard model that operates on batteries alone for another member of my family and this seems a little easier to deal with - no cumbersome cord (black plastic model) and also about 12$ less expensive.
Works just as expected.  Gives me confidence I won't scratch bumber of new car everythime I pull in.
I have had mine about a year and it works great. Beats using a tennis ball and string any day!
I bought the Park-Zone PZ-1500 Platinum Edition parking aid for my wife in early March of 2005 from Amazon.com.Installation and initial calibration was quick and easy, and it worked fine for about a couple of weeks. Then it started going nuts with the lights winking in random order. After that, it started flashing red indicating it needs new batteries. So I put a fresh set of batteries in the unit, recalibrated it, and we were good to go until a couple of days ago. That's when it would have a solid yellow light that would stay on for minutes at a time. Now it flashes red, and is telling me it wants fresh batteries. No more batteries for this dud. I was planning on using the AC adapter once I got an electrical outlet installed nearby; but that is a moot point now.The Park-Zone receives my "Just say NO to Chinese made crap!" seal of disapproval.If you want an effective parking aid that will positively park your car in the same place everytime, then (...)They come in yellow or blue. The curb may cost more than the Park-Zone, and the shipping is not free; but the curb works. I have one for my truck and compact tractor, and I just ordered one for my wife's car. Just be certain you can drill 3/4" holes in concrete for the lead lag shields to secure the curb to the floor.
I've owned this device for about six months now.  I installed it according to manufacturer's recommendations.  My garage is clean and new.  The device is unable to reliably detect the position of our honda odyssey.  It appears to calibrate the initial position fine, which is about 3 feet from the wall.  But any subsequent attempts to park only produce a yellow light as I get less than a foot from the wall.  I presume that it is a problem with the sharp nose of our van.  I rigged up a bracket to angle the transmitter at about a 45 degree angle from the wall at a height of about five feet from the floor in hopes of reflecting the ultrasound better off the angled hood of our van, but this only marginally improved things.  Overall, I can't rely on it to safely park our car.  I should have returned it.
My family LOVES this product!! It allows me to back my van into the garage with enough room to open the hatch to unload my packages, as well as being able to shut the garage door. We love it so much, we ordered a second one for my husbands car!Love it! Love it! Love it!!
Ease of ordering and the products works well. Great job. The choices and methods of payment works for me and makes life easier.
I had plans for this unit prior to purchasing it.  While I'm using the park zone as it was intended to be used, I also added a slight modification.  With some additional electronics, I used the ParkZone to actually control an authentic (retired) Traffic Light that I have in my garage.Prior to actually breaking open the box, I did thoroughly test this unit.  I found it to be accurate around 70-80% of the time.  Almost always, the green and yellow light would toggle back and forth before I hit the distance that would cause the yellow light to stay on.  From that point, the lights would react as they are supposed to.I also find that you have to drive very slow in order for the ParkZone to work properly.  The times I drove in a little too fast, I would typically get no response at all.After adding my modifications, I find the accuracy and response of the unit to be exactly the same as before I made the changes.My final conclusion is that while this unit does what it says, it's not quite as accurate as one would wish for.  In my book, it's not a fail safe approach to that perfect parking spot.  Therefore, I also use my trusty old nail in the wall as a back up to verify my position in the garage.  But there is something to be said for being the only one in the neighbor hood (maybe even state) who has a working traffic light hanging in his garage.  :0)Happy parking!
Works as advertised. However this replaced a unit that gave a signal alert when auto reached it's mark. This should be a feature in this unit for it's price.
Installed this item, but instead of allowing me to pull all the way into the garage before the red light comes on, the red light comes on with my truck sticking 2 feet out of the garage.  Tried to reset several times and rework it.  Still stoped me too far back.  The battery operated version of this item states the batteries should last for up to a year - yeah, right.  I have to change the batteries every month or 2.
The park-zon 120 I think is going to be alright, but found it difficult to callibrate in our garage. I am not able to get the red or stop area to come on before I am too far into the garage. Must stop on yellow. I have tried to set it numerous times but never with satisfacyor results. Even so I think it beats the tennis balls hanging from the ceiling.
first. no instructions in the box. nothing. not even a single slip of papersecond. defective. did not work. at all. despite days of tryingthird. website was terrible. no online instruction manual. hardly any information at all. just a download .pdf of a picture of the outside of the box.fourth.  "customer support" is a joke. wrote an email asking for help with the product.  no reply. nothing.in conclusion, its a worthless pieces of junk. i would give it zero stars if i could.
I have tried other brands of parking assists.  This one is the easiest to install and use of all the ones I have had.  The option of using batteries or a/c power is great.  If you are looking for a good product at a good price, this is it.
Can anyone tell me how to set up the park-zone. I have one and the batteries went dead. can't seem to get it set up again.
The new model has two sensors as opposed to one larger sensor on the original model. The original is problem free while the new seems to have problems finding the car.
Does not accurately position auto the same place any time.  Tried to contact company  - all lines disconnected.  I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing.
This unit works just as advertised. I bought one each for two different garages. The installation, setup, and calibration is very easy. I parked my vehicle to clear the automatic door by two inches, and calibrated the unit for that position. Since installation, I've used it 20 plus times, and the red light illuminates within one-half inch of the calibrated position every time. This works whether parking front end first, or backing in. An excellent purchase, and an excellent value.
The Park-Zone was easy to install and works great.  As I enter the garage the green light comes on.  As I approach the desired parking position the light turns to yellow, and when I reach the desired parking position the red light comes on.  It is very accurate and dependable.  The Park-Zone does, however, require an unobstructed path several degrees wide between the sensor and the vehicle.  But with nothing in its way, it works great.  Based on the performance of my unit, I'd definitely recommend it.
Park-Zone 120-Volt Dual-Powered Battery-Powered Precision Parking Device #PZ-1500Service was fast and communication excellent, Good product.
purchased 2 of these.they are easy to set up and work great.if you have a full size truck and garage it you need this.buy the ac version so you don't have to change batteries.
I bought two of the PZ-1500.  Easy to install and easy to calibrate. No tenis ball to bump into or stop to trip over.
I still have my original PZ-1100 which has worked fine. However...when I needed a second one...I bought the PZ-1500. The first thing I noticed was that it had 2 sensors. This proved to be very difficult to position as it has a WIDE area the it senses...as opposed to the one sensor unit.Recently it stopped working and I discovered the power supply was bad. Thinking that it merely had failed I reverted to using batteries. There is something wrong in the unit (which undoubtably blew the power supply) because it 'eats' a new set of batteries in 3 days!!! It is out of warrantee and I will not send it back for repairs.I thought that I might get another PZ-1100...but I see that it now also has 2 sensors...and from all the customer reviews...'eats' batteries. The OLD PZ-1100 was a good unit and the battery life has been exceptional.Too bad the design has changed...and for that reason I guess I will go back to the tennis ball for my wife's car. I notice from reading all the customer reviews that I am not alone in my thinking and that many people wish they could also get the OLD PZ-1100.I would NOT recommend buying either Park Zone!!!!
When I read the installation instructions on this unit, I discovered that the installation requires some pretty specific conditions.  My garage does not fit those limitations.  I cannot speak to how the unit works as I didn't install it, however, I think the manufacturer should list the installation condition requirements in their description.  Unless you have a clear, unobstructed, full wall in front of your cars and can park them back 1.5 to 3 feet from the wall, then this unit will not function in your garage (according to the directions).
Works great pluged in. batterys dont last long one or two days at the most.
This product ROCKS !  Easy to install and setup. Works perfectly every time. I bought and installed 2 of these and they are Awesome !!!
The Park Zone PZ-1500's are great.  I had a cheaper model in the garage but they quit working.  These seem to hold up a little better than the cheapies and I don't have to worry about the batteries going dead with AC power.They are also more attractive than the old school of a tennis ball hanging from a string.
The item itself works great, if it is plugged into the wall.  It uses batteries on a daily basis....but if you keep it plugged up, it works great!
Had a previous one that was much better. Do not know what they changed, but this one goes through batteries like water.
I purchased the Park-Zone PZ-1500 for my Father-in-Law for father's day and upon installing the device in his garage found that it would not work.  He installed the unit where an identical one was once mounted which finally died after about 12 years of operation, however the new parking device, despite several attaempts would not function. I will be returning it for a refund.
This is the second one we have purchased.  Works great. Would buy it again.
We have installed the park zone and have found it to be just what we needed to park the cars in the garage.  We don't worry whether it is in far enough so the door will close and we don't pull in too far so we get walk around.  It is one of the best things we have found to make a parking decision easy.  Thank you very much.
This is the second Park Zone I have purchased for my aging mother who still drives.  It makes her task of entering the garage and getting close to the end but not too close.  The first one worked well for a number of years until she had a lapse and crunched the lower sensor with her bumper.  It has saved numerous dents in the garage wall from her getting too close as had been the case prior to the Park Zone.  The lights (green, amber, red) that are easily seen from the drives location make it easier to get close to the end wall without hitting the wall.  I personally have driven her car into the garage and use the Park Zone myself to get close but not too close.
I purchased this product to install in my garage because I was tired of banging up my car.  It was easy to install and proved to be a great parking device.  I would highly recommend the Park Zone to anyone wishing to spare their car bumpers.
This parking device turned out to be completely useless because its sensor does not work correctly within the range of 1.3 feet - manual states that and I observed that as well. If I would not need to park the car closer than 1.3 feet to garage wall then I would not need this device at the first place.
NEed I say more... great product that saves our garage and car! Easy to use, set up and install. I would highly recommend this to everyone who has a garage!
This product works really well. The biggest problem is that  it takes FOREVER to get it. The shipping on this item really stinks. It took me over a month to get it.
(This review is for the battery powered model)  In 2001 I bought two Park-Zone PZ-1100 battery powered devices, one for each of my cars.  To this day they work flawlessly.  The batteries last about a year.  In 2008 I bought a new PZ-1100 for my mother, but it didn't work correctly it had all the symptoms described by other reviewers - green light never comes on, yellow and red only occasionally.  So I tried another new one, exact same symptoms.  Then I noticed a visible difference between the new units and my older units.  The current PZ-1100 has two 1/2 inch ultrasonic speakers, whereas my older PZ-1100 had a single one inch speaker.  I also noticed a slight change in the company name; the original single speaker models were made by Measurement Specialties in Fairfield, NJ.  The newer dual-speaker models are made by Measurement LTD, Inc. in Parsippany, NJ.  I suspect there has been an ownership change.  I decided to try and find an older Park-Zone like my original units.  I found several people selling the older version of PZ-1100 which has the single speaker.  You can tell whether it's the old or new by the photo on the box.  Even though the boxes look identical, if you look closely at the picture on the box you can see if the transmitter has one or two speakers.  I recently purchased a single-speaker PZ-1100 and it works great just like my original units. I bought another one from a different seller and it also works great.  I'll give one to my mother and keep the other as a spare.  In case anyone is tempted by the AC powered models, check out their user instructions and you'll discover that if the power fails it will not automatically switch to battery power, so you will lose your settings.  I briefly lose AC power several times a year so for me the battery powered model is actually more reliable.  And no you won't crash into your wall if the batteries go dead, because either you'll see a flashing red light as you enter the garage, or it will be completely dead.  Either way when you don't get that reassuring green light as you enter your garage you'll know you have to park it the old fashioned way this time.  Since that only happens about once a year it's not a big deal. ***Updated 2-21-09*** Another reviewer (Theseus on February 7, 2009) made an excellent point that Park Zone isn't designed to get you within inches of your wall, since the mimimum range is 1.3 feet.  As long as that's not your situation, I find that Park Zone very accurately places my cars in the exact spot every time, giving me the exact clearance that I want at both the front and rear of my cars.  Before Park Zone I was always worried that I hadn't pulled my car far enough into the garage, but with Park Zone I don't even look when I close the automatic garage door, after several years of use it has never put me in the wrong spot.
We purchased two parkzones. One we sent it back already and the other one sits on the wall with dead batteries.You can't use 2 in the same garage as they interfere with each other. Batteries don't last longer than 1 month and yellow to red indications are inconsistent. Sometimes the red indicator doesn't come on until you are inches from the wall, other times the back end of the car is still blocking the garage door from closing. At times the unit doesn't come on at all????I don't recommend this unit unless you want to risk crunching the garage door onto your car or drive into the wall of your garage.
This item is very good and extremely handy.  My car's rear bumper is very happy we bought one.
This thing really doesn't work. The red light went on AFTER I hit everything I was trying to avoid. Go VERY SLOW or you will end up on the other side of your garage wall. I now use mine as a stopper for the front wheel. Save yourself some money and buy a tennis ball and some string.
I purchased a parking assit from a national electronic retailer.  I had many problems and it was not user friendly.  The unit offered by Amazon is outstanding.  Put your car in the position you want it parked, press a button, you are done!  Great Product!
Don't think much of it.  PZ - 1500 goes thru batteries in one day.  Discharges them and then inoperable with just the flashing red light.  Seems to work OK on 120vac adapter furnished with it.  I can't use this though because I have no outlet in the near vicinity of the PZ, So the PZ 1500 was just a waste of money for me.
I received a Park-Zone PZ1500 for Christmas.  Installation was no harder than driving four screws.  Distance calibration involves pushing one button (takes about five seconds to set itself).  Unit works exactly as described (perfect every time).  One pleasant surprise - I can drive my car in or back it in; and it works equally well (be sure to place indicator high enough so you can see it in your mirror).  Great accessory; wish I had one 30 years ago!
Well I ordered the (2)PZ-1500, because I had this model in the past and it worked. However, I received (2) PZ-1900. The PZ-1500 has two sonar transmitters and cost about $4.50 more than the PZ-1900. The PZ-1900 has only one transmitter and I can't get it to work as it is detailed in the instructions. I basically wasted my money.Park Zone PZ-1900 Platinum Dual Power Garage Parking Aid
Mine is hard wired so I haven't had the battery problem. I have used it for over a year without any problems at all.  Once the light flashes yellow, slow down and creep until red. I park 4" from a support stanchion - every time.
The product was said to be a pre-filled floater and it was not. It wasn't anything like the description. I tried to contact amazon and they sent me out another of the same product. I am not satisfied at all with this product.
I ordered the floaters and got dispeners!  Don't ask for a replacement because they send the wrong item a second time.
The discription says.."The HTH Pace Disposable Floater is pre-filled with 1? trichloro-s-triazinetrione (trichlor) tablets." Well it is NOT! They sent this to me and it did not include the chlorine. What was sent was just the container. Nothing else.
Why re-write what you can clip and paste-- The discription says.."The HTH Pace Disposable Floater is pre-filled with 1? trichloro-s-triazinetrione (trichlor) tablets." Well it is NOT! They sent this to me and it did not include the chlorine. What was sent was just the container.
I was under the impression that chlorine came in the floater.  Don't make the same mistake I did.  You need to order the tablets seperate.
PROS:  This tool works great.  Needed something that would loosen the blade on my lawn edger and this is the tool that was needed.CONS:  None
My son loves all of the Gamewright games he has!
This is a high quality cordless impact wrench made by Hitachi.  I bought it when Amazon had it on sale for $123.00.  It was a heck of a value.  I also bought a Hitachi 1/2 inch drive to 1/4 hex adapter, so I can use it as a impact driver as well.  I do most of the maintenance and repair on both of my cars.  This impact wrench comes in handy.  It balance pretty well in the hand and it's not too heavy.  It has almost 120 lb-feet of torque so it is good enough for most of the lighter duty stuff.Update: I ended up returning this and got the Bosch 14.4V cordless impact wrench instead.  I went for the 14.4V version mainly for the additional 30lb-ft of torque.  I ended up with the Bosch 14.4V because of the lower price available at Amazon.  I am equally happy with the built quality of either Hitachi and Bosch cordless impact wrench.
I got this inverter after reading all the reviews. I used it just once with my 65W laptop (for my Microsoft Streets and Trips) on an hour's trip and blew off a bunch of my car's fuses.  Headlight, sideview mirrors, clock,... everything went off. Luckily, the fog lights were working, otherwise I would not have made it back home.
I love this accessory I use it when I am traveling to recharge my phone and laptop. Not only in my car but in some airplanes too, American Airlines has DC outlets so you can plug it in and recharge your laptop during your flight instad of running out of battery in the middle of your flight.
Lo compre por nesecidad y ahora me ha servido para un monton de otras cosas sin ningun problema.
We used this device on a roadtrip from Los Angeles to Portland and back. Primary use for this device was to power the laptop and the gps receiver. Yes and the cellphone. This inverter worked 24/7 without a problem - it got hot but never made any noise at all. The only negative point is the converter switched off when we stopped the car engine. But this is to protect the battery not to get sucked empty. Car builders: make a 110 volts outlet a standard in cars.
I bought this product because I am always on the road with my job. This unlike other products I have seen does not make any noise and is reliable for the price you pay. I hook my laptop to it since my battery does not last long and my phone charger. If you are on the road often this is a good idea to have in your car. I find coffee shops with outlet to plug a laptop into hard to find. No I can sit in my car and surf the net with my network card. Don't buy the smaller versions thought they look better with out the cord I have experenced a continious buzzing sound while it is pluged in.
Here's a story to tell my grandkids one day.  I plugged it in, and it seemed just a bit tighter than other AC/DC tips, but it worked fine for my cell phone charger, so I left it in.  The next day I came home after work, and my MDX's headlights were flickering like a SOS signal.  What happened was my wife left the lights on, and because the inverter was plugged in and turned on, it bypassed the power-saving mode and the headlights were draining juice from the battery. I immediately went to unplug it and guessed what? IT'S STUCK! I gave it a hard pull, and the stupid plastic tip broke, leaving my battery bleeding out like a stabbing victim.  I ended up cutting the inverter's cord to bypass the antitheft system, then after yelling with my wife for not know to how to use the auto headlight mode, I duct-taped it back so I can salvage my $25.  So now the thing works, but it's stuck in there like a bullet fragment the doctor does not want to touch.  By the way if you're wondering, the car's battery is fine.  Without the anti-theft system, the battery would have been drained completely.  So I have Acura to thank for that.  This is what happened to me and me only, so buy this product at your own risk.
I drove from Washington Dc to San francisco and this product worked perfectly for the road trip. It kept my lap top charged without any failures or problems. Overall a great product and quiet too!
I purchased this item for my husband to use when he is away from the house and need to use his computer. He thinks this is an excellent product.
Used this product today for for my trip across country to CA.  Used it in my car and it worked great with my laptop.
Does what it's suppose to do.  Recharged several items (GPS, bluetooth, cell phone, etc.) during a recent family trip, and it was quiet and unobtrustive.  Only thing to mention is that it should be turned off or unplugged when starting the vehicle; otherwise it will make a high-pitched squeal.  But that is a minor issue, and I am very content with this product.
I have not had a problem with this product. I used it in a 2005 Ford F-150 on 6,000 mile roundtrip without incident. I used it to power a Macbook Pro, cellphones, and a PSP charger. I've been using it for a month since to charge various things. It gets a little warm when plugged in, but we had no issues with overheating despite temperatures over 100F and direct sunlight.
SINCE I GOT IT(OCT 2007)I USED EVERY DAY, WITH MY LAPTOP AND PHONE CHARGER, NEVER HAD A PROBLEM, NO NOISE, NO DISCONNECTED, GREAT PRODUCT,GOOD SIZE, GO UNDER THE SEAT
I've said to people that I may have gotten more out of this power inverter than any other purchase I've made.I bought my Jensen in 2002 for a trip down to Florida from New York. It's been in my car ever since. I love gadgets and I always have something to plug in or charge. I never buy car chargers for anything.This power inverter accompanied me on a 7.5 month road trip from 10/2002 - 06/2003. I used it to play movies on my laptop, charge phones, cameras etc.It's funny to write a review for a power inverter, but trust me - this thing works! I've had it for 5 years now and it works great!
We bought this to power a laptop in a Honda Pilot. It works fine. The dual outlet wasn't in stock when we bought this. I would suggest buying the dual outlet because it is only cost slightly more.
Had no problems with this product so far. It works without any defect. I have hooked up my laptop on a 1000 mile road trip and it worked perfectly.
I use it to charge all types of items in my car while on the go.  It is wonderful to be able to have all my gadgets when I am on the go.
I purchased this device so that I could play a large library of old cassette books on tape while on road trips.  It worked fine.  The best thing I can say is that it was invisible, just like plugging the cassette player into a wall socket at home.
As soon as I use it, It was broken.I tried to change the fuse several times.What it showed was beutiful spark every single time.I just gave up to fix it. How can I believe thatthey can fix it even though they are selling stuff like it?I don't even know why it was broken.
Purchased this item to take on a trip to charge cameras and cell phones, but did not check it out prior to leaving - Will not charge anything.  It only puts out 88 volts - bad product
works just as described.  read other reviews, all noted the quietness of this unit.  I was not disappointed!
This is a very useful device to have on the road.  My wife's car has only a built-in cassette tape deck, but no CD player.  So she uses this device to power a portable boombox so she can listen to books on CD while driving.
I can't rate this item well, as it broke the first time I used it.  The plastic on the plug that goes into the car outlet is very thin and it broke as I tried to remove it.  The broken plug was then stuck in the outlet and it became very difficult to remove because the plastic shattered into many, tiny pieces.  I would reccomend another inverter.
We bought this inverter to keep our laptop computer's battery charged while using our GPS mapping system while traveling in our car or motor home.  We also used it to charge our cell phones, for which we do not have a car charger.  It has done exactly what it was supposed to do without any problems, which is the best endorsement we could give it. A particularly nice feature is the illuminated power switch, which tells at a glance if the inverter is on or off.
I purchased one of these as a cheap alternative to the car chargers produced by Dell.  It runs pretty hot, but not hot enough to be unsafe (unless maybe you buried it under a stack of paper).  We haven't had any problems with anything we've hooked up to it, so no complaints there.  Just be sure not to smash the cigarette lighter part in the door.  For some bizarre reason it ceases to function after that...  ;)
We purchased this for recharging/running our laptops on a cross-country trip.  It's a great size, plenty of power for my 90w Dell AC adapter (our last inverter would shut off... and started doing so at extremely inopportune times).I highly recommend it.  Good deal for the price and solidly built.
Was perfect for running a laptop on a cross country trip.  Highly recommend.  Wish there was a way to tuck the long cords somewhere since they take up a lot of space, particularly if you don't need that much cord length.
This inverter is light weight and quiet.  It is perfect for charging cell phones, laptops and DVD players on a long trip.  It only has one outlet so pick up a small extension cord if you want to charge multiple devices at the same time.
What a difference this has made in my life!  Why didn't I buy one earlier?  It works very easily, doesn't take up a lot of space, and lets you power your devices from the comfort of your car.  I spent 4 hours on my computer during a drive the other day, and never once had to stress out about the battery running out.  Highly recommended!
I purchased this item for a long trip so I could charge and/or play my Zen mp3 player in the car without worrying about battery life on the trip. It worked great. I am also planning to use it for my notebook in the car the same way because the car adapter for my notebook costs $100.
I own(ed) two of these (now 1). They are quiet, and while 1 is still working, the other worked for only about 1 year, and now will consistently blow the accessory plug fuse in both vehicles, and has also apparently permanently damaged the electrical system in one vehicle (even replacing the blown fuse does not restore power the the accessory plug). Even though one of the two still works fine, I would recommend choosing a different inverter.
Bought this and used mostly for laptop.  Also works well for cell phone charging and baby toys.  Have no problems, works great.  It doesn't get hot or make noise.  Plenty of power, no need to spend more money than this, although  I do recommend checking the power needed for each item.  As long as only one item is being powered, this device is plenty of power.  Just buy it already!
I read some of the reviews and wanted to let you know that for the money I purchased 2 for my son and my brother in Jersey. I took a trip to stonemountain park in GA, my son played his playstation 2 game fine. The only problem I had was with the S600 Mercedes the inverter didn't cut off when the key was out and in the on position-so when I went to use some of the keyless devices like truck open/close I found they didn't close. I found the inverter was still on and just cut it off everything worked fine after that-so remember to cut it off when car is not running. It fit the lighter better than previous adapters I've purchased with other vehicles.
I am pleased so far.  I had my computer plugged into the unit for several hours during a drive to the east coast, and I have had my iPhone plugged into it a number of times in my Smart car, and it has always worked fine.
Took it on a weeklong roadtrip in a 12 passenger van.  Plugged it right into a cigarette lighter, then plugged in a Belkin powerstrip with 8 plugs (not grounded of course).  Worked perfectly to charge several mobile phones, AA rechargeable batteries for a digital camera, a playstation portable, iPods, and a laptop, all at the same time in many instances.  Very convenient when you don't have access to a power outlet on the road on a regular basis.  Would highly recommend this instead of spending and keeping track of multiple cigarette adapters for portable gadgets.On a side note, just to be on the safe side, I'd use the high battery drain devices only when the engine is running (laptop/tv/dvd).  The product does claim to have safety measures against leaving you stranded with a dead car battery, but better safe than sorry!
I am glad i  bought this item.It powered my computer as it gave me directions from Minneapolis to Beaufort SC. Its a great item worth the money.
I ordered this product and have been using it satisfactorily for about a month. The only problem was when the tip of the plug that goes into the cigarette lighter snapped off, I wasn't sure if it was broken....I put it together and seems to work fine. These inverters seemed difficult to find so I am happy to have found it and hope it stays together!
Works great. Much cheaper than buying the Dell car plug for my lap top, which cost $100.
exelent product plug whatever until a 13in tv, plug all as you stay at home!!
I've only been using this power inverter for a short while, but so far it's been great.
Pros: None.  It did not work out of the box.Cons: Fan is "way" too loud like other reviewers have stated (I thought the people reviewing it were being picky).  It is always on, unlike the "Xantrex Technologies XPower Plus 400-Watt Inverter #851-0400" which only turns on at 100 Watt draw.  Also it plain old just didn't work right out of the package.  It would turn on until I plugged the test devices in (a  EEE PC and a small jigsaw,again both plugged in one at a time, never at the same time) once plugged in the power started then cut out,then started,then cut out with only 1 second between each flux. The worst part is that I ordered a second one for my father because he saw mine and wanted one, unfortunately I did not test the one I received prior to ordering the second one. Now I need to deal with getting a refund for an open item and shipping an unopened inverter back.  I tested it on 2 cars and one  car is only 2 weeks old with 700 miles on it (can't be the wiring or battery). I am currently now in the process of returning this and possible picking up the Xantrex 400 Watt.I had low expectations for this unit and they didn't even meet those.  I would recommend to stay away from Jensen inverters.
This powerful yet inexpensive inverter is very well made. With its 300 Watt continuous capability you can successfully power up various devices in your car. Modified sine wave is suitable since most of the modern electronic devices have switching supply anyway. Only direct electrical motor devices may have some problem with this.The only drawback in my opinion is that the fan is always running what creates a certain sound. It would be essential to run the fan only in case of large power consumption and a significant temperature raise. The similar "smart fan" feature has been employed almost everywhere these days. The unneeded noise in the car caused by this fan is just a little annoyance and forced me to give this excellent unit only 4 stars.Otherwise, this is a highly recommended buy.
I was about to leave on a long road-trip.  I liked the fact it had 2 plugs.  But when it arrived and I opened it to check the manual, I discovered it requires a special connection to the car battery and was not recommended for most cars.  I checked my car manual and discovered it could only handle 100 WATTS, so the purchase was totally useless.  Please check your car manual before you purchase such an item.  In fact, on the road trip, we burned out the car adapter by overloading it with 3 devices with standard car charger adapters.  We also found that another AC adapter overheated, and would not supply sufficient power, unless the other devices were unplugged.
Have not use the product much yet but it's for my CPAP when I go camping. Per the CPAP company it is the proper size (300 watt) and specs.
This thing works great.  No problems with it what so ever.  I read some others complain of the fan noise but it wasn't loud enough to bother me at all.  I strongly recommend it!
This unit is perfect for my mobile ac power needs. Recharging my laptop while I drive is a snap. This is the answer for running my sons electronic video games that don't have the typical car charger. Unfortunatly, I do need to report that the cooling fan is a bit noisy. In most vehicles road noise drowns out the fan. But if you have a quite vehicle or you are stopped you can hear the fan clearly and it can be a bit irritating. Overall a great unit.
I purchased this Power Inverter for car road trips with the family.  I have a cigaretter lighter in the back seat for this to plug into for running the kids DVD players and Nintendo DSI battery chargers.  Works perfect.  The internal fan runs a little louder that expected, so just make sure it is placed in a well ventilated  area.  The cigarette lighter power cord has a good lenght so can easily also run from the front dash board and extend to the back seat area of my Chevy Tahoe for the kids to plug into this device.
this inverter does wonders. On a road trip this past summer, we drove from colorado all the way out to new york city, with many stops in between. The whole time, we had the tv and ps2 hooked up thru the inverter, and never did we have any problems. played constantly, it was great. DEFINITELY BUY IT if you are looking for a way for your kids to have fun in the car, or wherever. WORTH EVERY LAST PENNY!
I bought this to power my laptop in my car (IBM Thinkpad). I have been using it for over a month now with no problems. It's fan is a little noisey but with the car radio on it's not that bad.
Tengo varios meses us&aacute;ndolo, y aunque lo uso poco me ha funcionado perfectamente. El equipo de mas potencia que he conectado es una licuadora de marca Oster, que aunque no funcionaba con la velocidad deseada me hizo el trabajo, ya que no dispon&iacute;a en ese momento de servicio el&eacute;ctrico p&uacute;blico. Supongo que la capacidad no era suficiente para girar la licuadora en el momento de licuar los alimentos. He conectado todo tipo de cargadores (port&aacute;tiles, celulares), taladro dremel, caut&iacute;n (soldadores de esta&ntilde;o).
This is a great product, now I can recharge my MP4 and my Cel at the same time, most people complains about the noise of the fan, I consider that is normal in that kind of products.
at supposedly 300 watts, i thought this would be a perfect carry-along to run small tools,recharge phones,play cd players,devices,etc.WRONG! For recharging phones;ok. small cd players;ok. dremel or smaller similar tools,nothing happening!just a loud high squeal which denotes the appl is pulling more amps than this weak ass unit can supply. should have gone for the higher wattage model which can power a wider asst. of appls. the only positive is the cig lighter plug-in instead of direct-to-battery hookup which is a pain in the ass.
Worked with my old laptop after having it for 2 years and getting a 10x more powerful truck it started screeching if the truck was just running off battery power. Wouldn't allow me to use my laptop anymore. I am looking for something that would work a lot better than this piece of junk. Very disapointed that it worked with a laptop. The laptop I use now is older than the one that it was being used for and is giving me problems. Will never buy from this company again.
Quiet operation with both outlets going,non surge with start up's.Great product with a low price.
I tried others, but this is the only one that works for me, reliably. I have discovered that running radios or computers with their ac cords is the only way to go.
I bought this unit and made sure it worked as soon as I arrived, unfortunately I did not do a full load test of the unit within 30 days and when I went to use it on a road trip the unit failed when I plugged in two things (less than 100W total).  I've used a multimeter to verify the voltage off the car battery and have even done the direct connection to the battery and it still fails which shows that it's not some internal current limiting circuitry of my car.
I used this power converter for hours to power my laptop and it worked perfectly.I would strongly reccomend this to anyone.
This power inverter worked great during a 1400 mile round trip, family vacation road trip over Christmas. It powered everything we plugged into it: cell phones, laptop & iPods. Only complaint would be the slightly noisy fan. Wasn't too noticeable, since I was able to place it in the armrest compartment. Other than that, would definitely recommend. The size is perfect and seems well built.
good
The power inverter is great, my family used on our summer road trip with my laptop and speakers for watching video's. The only downfall was a little noise from the cooling fan. Buy it you'll like it.
Product appeared to be exactly what was ordered, however when hooked up to the auto power supply it did not work.  Unfortunately not used immediately returned after 30 days.  Not a satisfied customer.
I've owned several power inverters since I travel just about half of the week every week. I'm always working from the car. This is the best design I've seen so far for a power inverter. First, it has two inputs which is great. This way I can plug my laptop in and still be able to charge...a cell phone, or run another electronic device such as a portable DVD player. Another solid feature is the internal fan. This enables the unit to stay COOL. Other inverters I've had get so hot, you can barely touch them, which probably led to their malfunction in the first place. The other great feature is that the fuse for this device is EXTERNAL. Which means if it blows, its easy to replace. The last couple I've had have died and the fuse was the culprit, but since it was internal, it wasn't a simple fix. So thats a great design innovation on this one. Its also good that the power inverter comes with battery clips too..this way you can run it from the car lighter or the battery direct.
Good product, the only thing I detected, was a noice of the fan.....I pluged in two devices, and I have not problems.
Used this inverter once to power up a 32 inch LCD TV during a power failure. Worked fine. Tried 8 months latter and unit was dead (only the fan worked). Past the warranty so I got 3 hours of service out of this junk. Read the warranty on these inverters. The only manufacturer that gives you a decent warranty is Whistler...2 years.
We are using the charger on cross country trips (MA to FL and back) and it's great having 2 plugs, plus a fan, plus an easy to get to fuse. We haven't stressed it out yet (just light loads charging electronic equipment), and haven't used the car battery cables but so far its great.
I have read all other reviews from the people who had purchased this product before I did. There were numerous notes about the noise this product makes when running and yes, there is a fan noise while this is in use. But I believe the usefulness of this item far outweighs the inconvenience of the fan noise. I only used it once so far to run a heated blanket for a road trip and it did the job as expected. The size can be a little burden but you can keep it underneath the driver's or the passenger seat. I only used it for about a month now so I can't comment on the life expectancy as others have commented about this product stopped running after few months.
Just what I wanted.  I've been using this to power a computer speaker system in my car (a ipod work around) since 2009.  It has been great.
I've used this to great device to charge my phone, power my laptop. Mostly smaller electronics, but it works well. It never overheats and runs steadily! The two outlets makes this one heck of a deal! I would recommend this to my friends, family, and even perfect strangers!
Item arrived within days and was in perfect condition.  Very happy with this purchase!
This product worked fine, there was a little fan noise but tightening the case screws fixed that.
Great performance, This inverter is a little noisy, but it makes the job that it's supposed to do. I used, drills and recharged all my electronic equipment while traveling on the forest with no problem.
I needed something to run my laptop while in the car, as the small cigarette inverter device I was using got too hot - and I was fearful of a fire or damage to the computer.This Jensen does the job very well, running not only the laptop well, but powering a 40 watt amp for eletric guitar playing.The fan does whirr some, but that's ok...I know it's working - cooling the unit, which does not get hot, just slightly warm.It's a good buy and I recommend it.Joe
I had hopes of running outdoor tools down our road where no electrical cord can go.  Found that even the little hedger at 2.7 volts won't run on this, so it's of no use to me. Before you buy be sure to do your math and figure out whether it can handle what you want to use it for!
This is quite a nice unit for the money.  Mine came with two cords - the cigarette lighter cord shown in the picture and a cord with alligator clips for connecting directly to the battery.  It has an automatic short circuit detector and shutdown, a low battery voltage alarm and low voltage shutdown so you won't wreck your car battery, and automatic overload detection and shutdown.  It has two outlets, a power switch, and an automotive type fuse, and an attractive metal case.  Fairly impressive for the price.I've only had this for a week so I can't speak about its reliability. I can confirm the fan noise, but I looked around a bit and that seems to be a common complaint about all the small inverters. The outlets have a ground pin, but users should not be deceived -- unless the unit itself is grounded (to a ground stake) the only ground is the chassis of the car.  That's true for all of these units.
Jensen Dual-Outlet 300-Watt DC to AC Inverter JP-30This works great!  Noise is not a problem.  But it is much bigger than I expected.  I bought it so I would never have to buy another cell phone charger for my car.  The last one never fits the new one.  But I didn't expect it to be so big.  It will work for TVs.  No matter, I like it.
Great solid product.  Works exactly as intended, now I don't have to bother will all sorts of car chargers for electronics, just keep this in the truck and can charge everything with the chargers they come with!!
Most power inverters have one outlet and a low watt output. This one has up to 600 watts of output on two outlets. It's great for all the things that you cannot normally use in the car: laptop, tools, vacuum, dehydrator, etc.
I bought this because I read on some of the reviews that it had worked well with TV & PS2.  I needed it to work with TV & Xbox.  It did NOT.  I guess it is partly my fault.  I did not take the time to make sure it was adequate for the job.  It would run the Xbox OK or a 9" TV OK.  But as soon as I would plug Xbox & TV it would turn itself off.  At least it did not blow my fuse.  That's what kept it from getting one star.
After doing a good deal of looking around for a power inverter, to be used in our van, I settled on this one. While it was not true sine wave technology it was not priced that way either. I chose the JP30 because of the dual outlets which will let my two children have their own to charge or play what they want while we are driving; That way I won't have to listen to them argue.  So far it has worked flawlessly and the price was as good as it gets.
Unit provides adequate power for most applications but you need to clamp it directly to the battery to get the full power out of it.  If you overload it, the unit simply shuts down (as it should) but you have to wait forever for it to reset on its own and work.  Fan is a bit loud but other reviews said that before I purchased it.
This would have been a fine inverter if it wasn't for the fact that the fan started buzzing and making an awful racket after just three days on the road. That alone is why I gave this product a two star rating. There's no excuse on the manufactures part for using a cheap fan that goes kaput in just a matter of days. I'd shop around a bit more if I were you.
Will this product work when the engine is off?  My jeep has extra plug in outlets with continuous power access with the engine off.  I want to use my laptop in my car on my lunch break.  Will the battery hold up for this draw amount? with the engine off?  Thanks for your response.  Sylvia :o)
Bought this to plug my laptop in while travelling for the kiddos to watch movies (cheaper than an in-car video system).  I also plug in a set of computer speakers because the ones in my laptop are not loud enough.  I only have good things to say about this inverter...and that is a really good thing because I have tried about 6 others that all wound up being returned to the store (and they costed WAY more than this one).  I have no problems with it getting hot, making any loud fan noises, or beeping when it shouldn't.  Others have written bad reviews saying it wouldn't stop making a beeping/buzzing noise, which caused them to either return it or stop using it, but they must not have read the instructions.  This thing beeps/buzzes for a reason...it is a warning to let you know that either something drawing too much power is plugged in, or it is unable to draw enough power from your battery (meaning your battery is about to go dead, or if the car isn't running, which means your alternator isn't constantly recharging it reducing the amount of power it kicks out).  Whatever the situation is, it doesn't just beep/buzz for no reason.My one and only complaint about this inverter how far the outlets are spaced apart...an extra inch between would have been great because I have to use an extension cord to plug the speakers in (can't fit 2 things plugged in if one of them has a chunky adapter).  This isn't a problem specific to this inverter though, of the many I have tried and returned, almost all of them had the same issue.  Other than that, this thing is great for my needs and many others I can think of.  It has a nice solid build feeling to it so I don't fear it getting cracked if dropped on the ground or anything like that.  I have only had it a few weeks, so I can't speak of it's long-term use durability...but for less than thirty bucks, I'm fine if it only lasts a year.
Haven't tried it yet but it is exactly as described by the seller, who was very prompt.  I'm sure we will be very happy with it.
This is my 2nd Jensen JP30 300 watt power inverter.  The only problem I had with mine was the the rubber on the 12v plug started to tear apart exposing the internal wires.  That happened after 3 years of very hard use.  I've plugged a laptop, tv, speakers, and a dvd player into it.  Works great!
This product worth alot.  I have no issues in charging my electronic stuff in the car. Nothing bad to say about this Inverter. Go for it !!!
So far, the converter has worked fine.  It's only had about a week of use.  This is my 4th converter in a year...1st of this brand though.  The reason for the 4 stars as opposed to 5 is that the fan is noisy...the noisiest of the 4 I've had.  Also, the outlets are close together and I can't plug a phone charger and computer in at the same time. (This is mostly the fault of the phone chargers though; they are too wide.)
this inverter works great. it has not once over heated. this powers my laptop with planty of power to spare. this inverter is highly recommended by me.
prior to purchasing the Jensen JP30 300watt inverter I had trouble providing power for the electronic devices which are needed on a daily basis as I perform my duties as a truck driver.I own my own equipment yet am unable to purchase a (APU) which is quite expensive. I was introduced to this particular inverter by another truck driver whom is well pleased with the product,I have no compunctions as I inform others of the great satisfaction I receive everytime I use this product. Should you decide to try a inverter try this one you won't be disappointed...
Sturdy, simple , well built.  Good value for anyone needing an item like this.
Still powers up the portable DVD player after using it during a two day road trip. No complains yet. The fan noise was expected and not overpowering.
The product worked for only a few minutes.  Not helpful on a trip that included six days in the car.
This is one of the best items i have ever purchased! Please keep your children safe and purchase one for yourself!
This patch kit works just as well as any other kit.  The plus side is that it costs less and comes with a bigger tube of cement than other kits.
I had never used a patch before so I figured to just buy a new inner tube but couldn't find them in stock at local stores. So I decided to try this because it was a much cheaper option and was surprised at how well it worked. I even used it on another bike and months later still holding up.
I've used this exact model every couple weeks for the past 5 years. I see no reason to use a non-digital gauge when this one is so inexpensive. It gives you readings at .5 increments.The only difference between this one and the more expensive ones is the housing. This one's cheap plastic, and probably can't stand up to the same amount of abuse as the other ones that have steel and rubber construction. On the upside, this one's much lighter.
I bought this gauge several years ago and it is still running fine.  The gauge readings will go to .5 and this useful tool has never failed me.  I find it works great on bike tires or just about anything.  It's very light and sturdy, easy to carry. What is nice that it is light and can handle being dropped.  Can it handle being run over like more expensive heavier models?  No, but how often does that happen?  This gauge is a good value for the money.
this is a good idea, but it will not work for me. tried it three times, check instructions it will not work for me.tried to return it, you say no it contains hazardous material so how did it get to me through the mail.bottom line you have the $40.00 my son gave me and I have two yes two boxes of junk.
Haven't used this yet, but I am confident that it will serve my needs if I need to jump start a vehicle in very bad weather from the vehicle interior  with it and the Allstart Tools 555 Camo Pro Pac Battery Jump Starter with AC Inverter I purchased at the same time.
Do not ever want to use it but do not want my wife's hands dirty. First seen in a steinmart.
This works, but you you have to realize its limitations.  It is limited primarily by the fact that it can only slowly move power into a working battery in another car that happens to have run-down its charge.It will let you get enough charge into a well-working car battery in order to start a car.It will NOT, however, let you move enough power from one car to another to start a car that currently has an old, broken or worn out "dead battery."  For that you'll still need jumper cables, an AC starter, a jump box OR a new battery to get a car going that has a truly dead battery.This product is a great, safe idea, and it'll let you get a car going when someone let the battery run down, BUT, it will not let you jumpstart a car when its battery has died due to age or malfunction of the battery itself.Picture this as a straw moving a bit of power slowly into the discharged-but-working "dead" battery, while you really need a fire hose (jumper cables) to start a car that has a no-longer-working battery.To summarize : Great when someone left their headlights on, worthless when someone's battery has given up the ghost for good.
I bought this item in 2004. It has been in my car since then. Package unopened. Now, I had to jump my car last week. Opened this package. The product did not work. Tried several times with multiple cars. No use. Its just a junk. I was so happy I had this with me for emergency. But,its useless. Finally my roadside assistance saved me :). Stay away from this product.
I used it once.  I was able to chanrge my car battery (I charged it for 15 min to be safe).
Well this little gadget really works,as I had to use it to jump start our car when the battery went dead in it !
We recently went camping in a place where no electricity was available at our site.  My husband requires a CPAP machine for his sleep apnea, so instead of investing in a generator (big bucks), we purchased a power pack which would run his CPAP all night long.  Then we needed a way to recharge the power pack for the next night, so I bought this jumpstarter and used it to charge the power pack from the car.  It worked great and charged the power pack fully from the car in about 30 minutes.  If we were going sightseeing, we just plugged it in while we were driving, otherwise, we cranked up the engine and left it in idle for a half hour.  As someone else mentioned, there's no protection from overcharging, so you have to monitor whatever you're charging to make sure you don't overcharge.  All of this was a LOT cheaper and a LOT quieter and lighter than buying a generator to provide power for the CPAP.
This device actually works very well but takes time.  Our Dodge Stratus battery was completely dead due to interior lights being left on. There was no glow from any interior lights. It was completely out of current and had been for several days. The temperature was 15 degress, it was snowing out and the car was parked so there was no way to get close enough for a traditional jumpstart (would have needed at least 20' jumper cables).I plugged one end of the Wagan device into the cigarette lighter of the "running" car and the other end into the dead car. The "red" light on the device went on as expected. I waited about 10 minutes in the comfort of the warm running car and the green light on the device went on signifying that the battery was charged. I tried to start the dead car (it was only 15 degrees and snowing)and it only cranked over once and quit. I plugged the Wagan in again and noticed that the green light on the device stayed on so I unplugged it from the cigarette lighter and plugged it in again. It then went red. After 10 minutes it again went green. I didn't try the dead car this time but rather unplgged the cord and plugged it back in again and waited 10 minutes for the green light to come back on.  This time when I tried the dead car it sprang to life and ran fine. It took 30 minutes for the whole process but it did work!This system has enough cord length for about 18 feet and will fit through a partially opened window so there is no need to open the hood or get at the front of the car. This system allows a person to jumpstart it from any angle so long as the the cigarette lighters of the 2 vehicles are within 18' of each other.Remember - You must turn the key of the dead vehicle to the "accessory" position for the cigarette lighter to be able to pass current through the cigarette lighter sockets.The beauty of this system is that any car can be jumpstarted this way. Many of the new cars don't have accessible battery connections. You don't have to know how to jumpstart a car. You don't have to know how to even open the hood. It is safe (no battery explosions or getting corrosive chemicals of hands or clothes)and can be done by anyone, regardless of mechanical knowledge.I was able to jumpstart a completely dead car in 15 degree temperatures, in a snow storm with getting dirty or cold in about 30 minutes.  Doing a traditional jumpstart would have meant getting dirty, opening the hood and having snow blow into the open engine compartment. Getting the engine compartment wet with snow (or rain) can compound your problems!Every car should have one of these devices for the occasions when jumpstarting using conventional cables is not possible, practical or available.  The $18 price for this device makes owning one a no-brainer.
Never worked. Got hot, smoked, and did not charge the second vehicle. Good thing I taught my wife to use standard jumper cables. Great idea, just turned out to be junk.
Works as advertised. Takes about 10 min on a real low battery, 5 min on one that is just a little low. Easy to use and better for using on the newer cars. No hassle with jumper cables.
We tried charging for 20 minutes from one car to the dead car, and still couldn't get the engine to start
I drive an old Honda and had the battery die when I was dropping off my kid at preschool. One of the dads was still there and said his dad had bought him a similar product - a way to charge the battery using the cigarette lighter!  So we gave it a try and it started right up!  I loved this idea since I am not a car person and always felt my putting cables directly on the battery was guaranteed to blow it up.  So I went right to Amazon to find my own (this) version.  I've since used these about 5 times as a good Samaritan, and they have worked every time.  If the battery is really dead (like a coworker who had her lights on all day), it can take a while.  But for others, immediate success.  (There is a green indicator light that shows when the battery is charged.)  Plus it has a nice long cord which makes it easier to connect the 2 cars.  Definitely worth having in the trunk if you drive an old car!!
Is this for real? When I finally needed these,they did not perform. What a bummer, but I blame myself for being stupid enough to believe the crap they wrote about this charger.There is a sucker born every minute,and I was one of them.
Have not used the cable yet. But they was on time, just as the e-mail noted projected.
The name is misleading in that you aren't &quot;Jump-starting&quot; your car. The current that a dead battery draws off of a running (donor) car will never make it through the cigarette lighter's fuse-protection. The fuse is there in case of a short that would melt wires, and in this case, it would detect the current as a short and blow the fuse.But the charging aspect seems straight-forward
I WAS TIRED OF GETTING DIRTY AND HANDLING HEAVY CHARGERS.  FOUND THIS AT A GREAT PRICE WITH FAST DELIVERY.  A+++ TO EVERYONE I KNOW.
The entire packaging and all labels of the one I received was in SPANISH.  I guess that's fine.The product is well built and solid.I tested the item right away to see if I could charge a depleted battery that was still &#34;good&#34; so I left my lights and key turned on until the lights went so dim I could barely see it.  Then I pulled my other car BEHIND the dead car, hooked up a multimeter on both car batteries, *****turned the key to ACC on the donor car (otherwise NO CHARGING)*****, and started charging.  The circuitry actively &#34;pushes&#34; the juice from donor car to dead car, so it's not just an equalization between batteries.I think there is some sort of timer or energy meter in the circuitry that signals you when the unit thinks you've been hooked up long enough, but it's arbitrary and only a suggestion.  The LED turns from red to green.  Likely a voltage trigger is hit and it turns the unit off, but that does not specifically mean there is enough amperage available to start your engine.  When a battery is charging it can get up to voltage without actually being charged, if you unplug it then, the voltage will likely drop and balance out to match the available amperes over a short time.  This is especially true in the cold or if you have dead cells or need to put distilled water in your battery.I had to perform the process twice as there had not been enough energy transferred to start the dead car's engine on just one cycle.  I saw this in other people's posts and I just wanted to see it myself so I can act accordingly.  This is perfectly fine.  Just be warned that this is normal and fine.  I have a large battery in the dead car, so this is understandable.  It did turn the engine over a bit, so that's a good sign.  After the 2nd time it started right away.NOTE:  jumper cables transfer a LOT more juice very quickly, 100's of amps; you can normally jump by working directly off of the other car's battery if your battery is not completely depleted.  This unit will not let you jump directly from another car's battery- it charges your battery.  Your cigarette lighter adapter only lets 10 amps or less juice to charge your battery (10 amp fuse, 10 amp wiring), so be patient.  If you can't easily reach your battery when you raise your hood, this product is for you.  If you have easy access to your battery, then buy some jumper cables and learn how to use them.  It is not hard.I wanted this for my on/off road adventure motorcycle because I go on long multi day camping trips and need a way to overcome almost anything that could go wrong.  I bring everything I need to get the bike back on the road or survive a problem without anyone's help except for the people in my group.  Usually, there's just one other person with me, and we can share the load of tools and supplies if we are careful.  I installed a couple 12v lighter adapters directly wired to the battery on my motorcycle for this purpose, and to power just about anything.  This charger is larger than I would like to carry in my motorcycle luggage- the yellow core section is about the size of a flattened softball but rather light.  The cables are plenty hefty but rather heavy.This unit would be great for a car.  I gave it to my wife's car and may borrow it for motorcycle trips of I don't find a smaller solution.  Her battery is hidden behind her front bumper so you need a lot of tools and time to jump start directly on the battery.In the end, this is a great product for use in specific situations.  You need to practice using it once or twice to make sure it will work in your car.
As some of the reviews say, this is not the fastest way to charge a DEAD battery.  Tonight, a couple had one vehicle with a very dead battery and brought their other vehicle.  The jumper cables did not help.  I brought out mine.  The best part is the lights to show if everything is connected correctly.  Both lights came on the display and the lights came on in the car.  The jumper cables were bad, but no one really knew it.  Everyone thought it was the dead battery or some other electrical problem.
Worked half way once, then would'nt work at all. Cost of product not worth the hassle of returning so I tossed it in the garbage.
The Easy Quick Jumper is a cinch to use, but may not actually take less time than the tried and true conventional jumper cables.  Ok, sure you don't have to open the hood, but it actually takes anywhere from 10-15 minutes to charge up the battery in the dead car enough to start the vehicle.  If you're in a hurry and feel confident in knowing what you are doing, jumper cables are the way to go.  However if you want something that's safe, easy and are willing to allow a few extra minutes, the Easy Quick Jumper is not a bad alternative and works extremely well.
It's works good on the run of the mill dead battery but I tried it on a car with a VERY dead battery, (car set in the driveway all winter and spring) and it took over an hour to gain enough juice to turn over. I have purchased more and put one in each of my cars.
An easy way to charge your car for a quick start without bulky jumper cables and the chance of a battery explosion while under the hood charging your vehicle
Product did not work.  Would not purchase again.  Guess battery was too dead to make it get a charge.  Not worth owning.
Perhaps it might work, however, you have to leave it attached to both vehicles for so long that I just gave up.  Also, YOU CANNOT RETURN IT.  So you are stuck with it.
I plugged it all in and thought it was going to work because I heard the door ding on the dead car, but when I checked it 15 minutes later, nothing. Not even the charger seemed to be working. Then I figured out that it had blown my cigarette lighter fuse in the dead car. I also found out later that my battery was completely dead so I don't know if that had anything to do with it blowing a fuse. I'm sure I'll try it again someday. So, not fair to rate it either good or bad. All I know is it did not work for me in this situation.
This device came in handy when my battery was dead & I couldn't access it in my trunk which wouldn't open.
It was a gift to my daughter for Christmas.  She is a single women living by herself.  The charger will allow her easy access to charging her battery if needed.
I used this to jump my son's truck that wouldn't start (for several days) due to very cold weather. I did not expect it to work. I was pleasantly surprised.  I recommend this product.
The product packing promise "start your car in 5-10 minutes" when it actually takes 40 minutes.Moreover- logically it's impossible to start your car in 10 min. when the current flow is only 6A
This product is poor made, very slow, thin cables. Takea look at the picture, do you really think it can jumpanything?
This cable has already saved our bacon two times.  Extremely easy to use, let's you know when the dead battery is ready to be started.  Charges in 10-15mins.
This is ok if you have access to another car that is not dead. I live on my own and don't have people to help me so this did not work for my personal life. It's cool that it uses your cigarette lighter to start it though. Great for women who don't know how to hook up jumper cables. Also a lot of people don't like using jumper cables on there car so this would be perfect.
This was a gift for my son-in-law for Christmas.  He was very thrilled when he opened it.  I was impressed.
had it plugged in over 30 minutes, the device was getting hot, never worked.  If it didn't work for me, do you think it will work for you?
A good product for an in expensive battery charger to get by in a pinch. Not as effective as the old fashion jumper cables but not too bad.
I bought this product for a 1998 Jaguar. Once the battery goes dead, you cannot access the trunk. Strangely, you must buy a tool such as this in order to gain access. Worked once but never again :(
My dead battery was in the trunk and I could not open the trunk lock manually so it seemed the best way is to connect a cigarette lighter to a cigarette lighter.  I was hoping that at least the connection could give enough power to release the trunk door remotely.  The trunk didn't not open even after a 40 minute charging.
One important warning to this nifty gadget though--- it takes 10 minutes to work. In my husband's opinion, that significantly reduced the &quot;cool factor&quot; since you had to wait a while for the jump to take doing it this way.
HAVE YET TO USE HOWEVER, CONVENIENTLY STORES IN VEHICLE; SO CONVENIENT IN FACT, I CONTINUE TO USE STANDARD CABLES---&#34;OUT OF SIGHT, OUT OF MIND&#34;. I INTENTIONALLY REMOVED THE STANGARD ONES SO THAT I'LL HAVE NO CHOICE IN REMEMBERING I AM IN POSSESSSION OF THIS ITEM.
I imagine almost every car- certainly most women- could have this product in their trunk- or even under the front seat.  Depending upon the weather- freezing and below- the car charger could be a tad slow but, realisticly, the benefits far outway this fact- which is why I gave it to my wife.  You don't have to get out of your car, you don't have to lift the hood, you don't have to figure which clamp goes on which post; you don't have to search for a flashlight- if it's dark; and last- but not least- you don't have to get dirty- which wouild really bother my wife!
This item was returned for credit as I do not have another car to plug it into. The web page ad did not  state this.
When I tried to return this to Amazon:"For safety reasons, items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases cannot be returned to Amazon.com. Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local, State and Federal regulations. Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste."Went to return it and got the above message from Amazon!Plugged it into lighter socket, and connected it to my marine battery sitting in the back of the car to charge it after using it in the boat.  Piece of junk - smoke rolled out with both lights on red and green.  Likely, overcurrent condition.  No current limiting devices.  "Hazardous" return to Amazon, or fire hazard to the consumer?There are no hazardous materials in this thing!  My guess is that because it has the word "battery" on it, it flags it.  If not that, then they just don't want them back.Bottom line: RISKY JUNK!  NO RETURNS!
I used before a big Skil polisher of 9" and I thought that to polish a car is a hard job, because I had pains in my arms and fingers because I had to keep the pression in the trigger...But that was because I was working with the anticuate tools!I bought this Hitachi just because is japanese, I almost bought a Makita polisher, but I decided to buy this Hitachi because I bought a Makita in other tool, so I had to test the Hitachi brand, and was a great idea...!!Now the polishement us very easy and soft, is a pleasure!This Hitachi is really light! Don't have almost vibrations! Is very fast! Too much fast and better than the Skil i have, now I know why I thought wrong, because I don't used a Hitachi before....Is really really soft at work, comes with a wonderful polish pad which really give a good bright to any car...In my honest reccomendation, buy this polisher..., is very light, very accurate and soft vibration..., is perfect.you can use this with a hand if you have a normal strenght, if no, you can use this as excercise because is not heavy.Just buy this Hitachi, yes??
Porter-Cable 3,250 watt unit ( labeled now also as DeVibliss branding) this small unit is excellent on site use by design. The small gas tank provides limited reliable power . The power source is 6.5 hp engine of high quality, starts with one pull. Easy to operate & maintain, used frequently until power restoration byElectric Utility..design of unit is excellent ...duration under load approximately 2 hours before fill-up is required.Continued Satisfied Customer after a few years of usageBob F
Works great for my emergency needs, house power backup. Just be sure you read the instructions. If you are trying to run 1 HP or greater motors from this unit as one reviewer did you may have issues.  Honda recommends 5500 W RATED not MAX Power for 1 HP motors much less a 3 HP motor as these type motors require at least three times (3X) greater starting power than they do running power!  If you match your LOAD requirements and types of loads e.g. resistive loads (toasters, hot plates, convention ovens, welders), reactive loads (refrigerators, washers, air compressors, well pumps)to manufacturer's instructions you can find the right size generator for your needs and avoid problems.  This generator provides good consistant power within the range for which is rated.
No problems with shipping from Amazon. Generator runs like a top. Engine pulls easy with no battery. I hooked it up with a Reliance 6 circuit transfer switch and it runs 2 refrigs, freezer, heater, lights, tvs, microwave, ceiling fans - no problem. Plus it's easy to move on the wheels and seems fairly fuel efficient. Brushless altenator is also nice.
Poor process or quality control. The unit I received did not have the shipping blocks installed. As a result, the vibration isolators on the generator were broken in shipping. Since the unit cannot be returned to Amazon, you have to call the manufacturer to obtain parts that you must install yourself. Those parts happen to be on backorder. This may be a good generator based on the other reviews, but I suggest you buy it locally instead of relying on getting an operational unit shipped to you. That way, you can verify the operation of the unit before taking it home. By the way, Amazon's performance on shipping items has taken a nosedive. They used to ship items in stock within 24 hours. When I called 6 business days to inquire on the status of my order, I was told that it was to be shipped out that day. Later I found out it didn't go out for another 3 days. It was a total of 16 days for shipping an instock item. Between the shipping delays and the two-to-three weeks I was told I would have to wait for replacement parts, I'm facing a 1 1/2 month delay.
I have bought several of these generators, as part of a generator package that I install for residential customers. The last one that I bought just didn't seem to run as smooth as the others.
IT HAD THE OUTLET TYPES I WAS LOOKING FOR.CONSTRUCTION WAS A LITTLE CHEESY AND A BOLT FOR GAS TANK WAS STRIPPED OUT.I'M WELL SATISFIED.
Received the generator in perfect condition. After mounting the wheel kit, I added the oil which is supplied with the generator. I added some gas and it started on the 2nd pull. The motor must have an automatic compression release. It was very easy to pull for a 13hp engine. Very pleased with the generator.
This is your generator.  Noise signature is more than tolerable although I agree with the previous poster - I wouldn't want any of these things outside my bedroom window.  The compression release makes for a very easy pull if you don't have electric starter connected.
I didn't think it could happen to me. My generator was on an open patio, open on two sides. It was four days after Francis passed, we had no power, and we had still air that night.But the exhaust built up on the back porch and leaked through closed doors into the house.  We turned off the generator, and aired the house out - we felt better fairly quickly.Then I went to the hardware store and bought a CO detector - B00002N86A is the ASIN of the one I bought. We could not wait for Amazon, sorry, we had to have it that day. We decided on that one because of the digital read out and the fact that it would run on a battery if there was no generator power.Don't run a generator without one - and think about ventilation. A generator can run a couple box fans easily.We ended up using an old junker box fan to blow on the generator - it kept it cooler and it dispersed the exhaust even if there was no breeze - then we used another box fan, a new one, to blow air into the house through a window. Once we did that, the CO detector never detected any.
Because I an an optimist, I will say that eventually, this may turn out to be a good product.  Unfortunately, two weeks after it was delivered, I still don't know, because it arrived broken. Once the engine started, the generator did not produce any electricity. Zilch. I brought it in to the local manufacturer's repair facility (which involved the difficulty of hoisting its 200+ pounds of bulk into the back of my vehicle), and it is still there after almost two weeks, due to the fact that the repair facility did not have the replacement parts in stock, AND they are backordered.Needless to say this has been frustrating.  Looks like Porter Cable needs better quality control in its manufacturing. Good thing we never get any bad storms out here in the Pacific Northwest.
I am very pleased with this generator. I'm not exactly Tony the toolman, but this was a breeze to start up and to attach the wheel kit. Just added gas and oil started on the first pull. I'm just waiting or the electrician to show up and install the transfer switch and I'll be ready for most anything. I was told that since my furnace is gas and don't have a well pump that I'll be able to hook up most of my house. The shipping with ABF was a little tedious, I had to leave work and arrange a meeting place, but the driver was cool and helpfull. Let it snow, Let it snow, Let it snow.
Great generator based on other reviews by engineers.  I would also recommend this generator to others.  Powers everything I need during the storm and more.
Right in the middle of watching "Die Hard" one evening, my power went out. Someone down the street blew a Transformer (Kup?), and the juice was out for almost three hours. Enraged, I vowed that such inconvenience would never be repeated.As soon as power was restored, I read some of the reviews below, and was convinced that this fine generator was the one for me. The wheel kit makes transporting it a breeze, and the 10 HP engine creates an ample supply of juice to power my all-important TV and DVD player, with enough left over to keep the fridge cold.It was a pricey investment, but a valuable one. The Porter-Cable BSI550-W is a tough, reliable generator--and though it isn't exactly whisper-quiet, I wouldn't be caught without one (besides, the surround-sound DVDs drown out the generator din).
Just received the generator today. Installed the wheel kit and handles, put gas and oil in it, and it started and ran great the first pull. I shopped around for generators and for the features of this generator has, I could not find a better deal anywhere.
[...] thought I should purchase a generator. [...] Hurricane season is coming and I thought it is time to buy a generator, checked Home Depot and couldn't find what I wanted so [...] Runs great, started on the first pull of the handle. Would recommend this generator to every one!
I have used this generator for a few small jobs so far. Worked great. Very easy to start. Large fuel tank. Plenty of amp  capacity for startup amperage. Manual could be a little clearer on wiring the plug (inc) for 220v. Shipping sucked, took forever. ABF lost it, then found it, so I said, leave it where it is, I'll come and get it. Product 5 stars so far, minus 1 star for shipping.
I just recieved this generator, installed the portability kit (which was a breeze) and put oil and gas in it.  Put the choke on and pulled once and this thing just fired right up and ran as smooth as can be.  I have not actually used it yet but purchased it for the winter since we lose power from time to time.  I am very satisfied with the quality and construction of the unit and would recommend this product to others.
The shipping of this generator was good. The shipper was ABF Trucking. Their local agent coordinated with me before delivery, which took place two days early.The generator was shipped with the portability kit in the same box. The instructions for assembly were clear and understandable, but did not help me attach the foot brackets to the generator frame. The frame was drilled but not tapped, so I could not get the screws that were provided started. I used a 1/4-20 tap to thread the holes. Assembly time was about two hours.After following the preparation instructions, putting fuel in the tank and oil in the engine, and reading the starting instructions on the top of the fuel tank, I pulled the starting cord once, and the engine started. This generator provides enough electricity to run my water pump (1 HP), start my oil burner and run the circulating pumps, run the refrigerator, TV, and provide 1500 watts of lighting. It still had capacity left over, since it handled the startup load of the water pump very well. At $679 this generator is a great backup power source for the average size household. A voltmeter and loadmeter on the control panel would be nice, but at this price I think that is too much to ask.
This is certainly a step UP from the usual 4,500 watt "budget" generators!  Very easy to assemble and a wonderful heavy duty unit that will power MOST of my house in case of electrical problems.  Be aware.. you will still need to probably purchase a transfer switch (around $400) and cable (another $50) plus a couple hundred more for installation if you want to do it the "RIGHT" way, however, I figured that in the event of a power outage, it is MORE than worth the cost.  I purchased this item when there was free delivery, which was great, because the shipping company said that it would probably have been an additional $200 for shipping this item!  I also got a $50 rebate and the price was quite a bit lower than it is now, but I still don't think you can go wrong with this unit.  The large fuel tank is certainly a plus! Of course, the delivery company met me and delivered it to the "street" (I had to drag it UP my driveway), but it was well worth it for the price (free!).  Porter Cable has a great reputation for this equipment, and I'm looking foward to giving it a full test as soon as my power drops out this winter.
We ran this generator for 3 1/2 days after losing power after a freak fall snowstorm. What could have been an unbearable 4 days turned out to be quite comfortable. It was easy to start, usually on the first pull after it had been running a while and with only two pulls on a cold start. It is very efficient, lasting for close to 14 hours on a 7-gallon fill-up. (It never actually ran out on us...we were always able to refill it in time.) It enabled me to power our furnace, hot water heater, fridge, computers, certain small appliances, and several lights. In an era where one-foot snowstorms with wind and ice are becoming the norm in my area, I feel blessed to have this machine! (My son has named it "Jennie.")
I purchased the Porter-Cable BSI550-W 5,500 Watt Generator with 10 HP Engine because I had to have portable power for residential construction. I bought it so I could run 13 - 15 amp circular saws and a 15 amp, 5 h.p. electric air compressor. It would not kick the compressor on when the air was at 100 lbs. so a serviceman set the rpm at 3700 rpm instead of the factory set 3600 rpm, which generates at 140 volts, no load. It runs great and runs super good. The negative side is having to idle it above the recommeded rpm and the extremely loud noise it makes even with the quiet muffler that it came with. There is also a loud rattling sound in the lower part of the 10 hp B and S engine. I don't know if that's a defect that can be fixed or something that you have to live with. It seems to come from the engine connecting rod to the piston. Other than that it is a great generator for the price. A person who uses it occasionally might not even be bothered by the rattling noise.
I live in a semi-remote part of the country and I had my Generator within 7 days of ordering as against reviews I had read where buyers waited weeks. The assembly was easy and straghtforward and the generator started on the second pull.  It is used as backup power when our power fails (frequently). It easily holds our gas furnace, refrigerator, chest freezer, lighting, TV and computer. It holds enough gas to carry us through most power outages. I am well satisfied with this purchase.Ted M.  Eastern Montana.
I bought this model in September 2003 as a back up generator to run through a generator transfer station.  After repeated failures, a replacement generator and exceptionally bad warranty service, I think I finally have a generator that works.  My first generator would not power anything from half of the outlets and the large outlet used for a generator transfer station (a station equipped with wattage meters and was tested with a neighbor's less powerful generator- his generator was able handle regular and full surge test needs).  Unable to get a real person on the Porter-Cable customer service number, I took my generator to the closest listed warranty service shop...after several months of excuses, including no one at Porter-Cable would call the mechanic to tell them how to fix it, and very poor customer service, I attempted to contact a real person at Porter-Cable...next to impossible.  I then contacted Amazon by email to see if they could contact Porter-Cable.  Instead, Amazon arranged to ship me a new unit and take the old one back, with no charge to me....incredible!  Kudos to Amazon!  The second generator operated for three hours (during a power outage) and started to die. Two different warranty service shops, another few months and several pick-ups/drop offs later (during the work day, naturally), I am told it will finally run properly.  I hope so, as it is now out of warranty.  So, in over two years, my generator has been able to run properly for a total of four hours and I was unable to get the attention of Porter-Cable to help fix either of these two poorly-made products.  I even took the time to write a letter to the president of Porter-Cable detailing every issue and problem...no answer in two months.  I hesitate to write a bad review for any products (and have not done so up to this point), but in this case, I feel I need to share "after sale" issues for anyone who receives a poorly-made generator that they are going to trust to provide power in an emergency situation...with all the service trips and time spent, it would have been cheaper to pay twice as much (I paid $700) and have a generator I could trust (I don't trust this one anymore, not a great feeling to have about an emergency back-up generator).  The only shining star in this tale is Amazon, who went well beyond the call of duty to help me.
I'm not brand loyal, I look for the best tool at the best price. I searched the local stores and this tool offered 400 ft/lbs for 79.95. Works great for home/garage use and looks great too.The 20 pc socket set can't be beat for the price either.
I bought this tool new and very dissapointed in it's performance. Rated at 400ft.lbs, no way, more like 120ft.lbs. Don't waste you money.
Works well ,but not as powerful as claimed, I have an old cheapie from harbor freight with 250 lbs of torque, this porter cable is no more powerful than it is.
It's been almost a year and it works great and it's a lot cheaper than at sears, would buy again.
So far I am more than satisfied.  I have been using it as a track wrench for changing wheels/tires from street to race and back again at auto x events.  One battery can do at least two cars easily and maybe more.  I have not tried reaching max torque. I have used a torque stick for 65 ft/lb and have reached that with no problem by holding a few seconds.  Tool is heavy but it sure beats the alternative.
We use this wrench at the track to change wheels on 4-6 cars in our group.  With the two batteries and quick charger, the tool never is down on power and one battery will last through 20+ wheel changes.  Unlike the other cordless impact wrenches, you don't need to break loose the nuts first - just jack the car and go.  The variable speed lets you install the wheel without over tightening, and then go around and quickly torque to 70-80 ft-lbs.  Then, drop the car and use your torque wrench to finish-up.After my 1/2&quot; pneumatic gun gave-up, and I couldn't break with my 1/2&quot; breaker bar, I used this wrench to remove my 36mm front hub nuts - over 200 ft-lbs - spun them off like they were hand tight.  Awesome.
This is one tough impact wrench. We use it take of wheel nuts that are torqued to 500 lb. ft.
I own this impact 1/2 in drive, an I do like it. Chaging tires is really easy now. The hard job was to lift the truck, removing the nuts, was pice of cake. The Impact wrench didn't even move when loosenig the nuts.  A must for wife, she now can change tires  with no effort.
I bought the Milwaukee 18v cordless impact wrench to use on track days and the twice-annual switching of the snow tires.  I was really interested in a Snap-On version, but didn't the $500 price.  I wasn't sure the Milwaukee would do the job, but was willing to take a risk because the price was so much lower.  Well, I certainly have not been disappointed!  The Milwaukee, while very heavy, does all I ask of it.  It is an excellent tool!
This advertiser is repersenting this tool has the most torque of any cordless impact wrench 240 ft lbs of torque.Dewalt has 300 Ft lbs of lbs on its DW059 cordless impact wrench.I'm not saying which impact wrench is superior just that it has more torque.Maybe seller made a mistake,but truth in advertising is important and the public should be aware.
I just bought one of these for a guy whose run his own repair and wrecker service for forty plus years . He's so pleased with it that he already wants to buy another one . He's tried all the other ones from snapon on down the ladder and loves these . I knew he would I  have been using milwaukee tools for years never had one let me down yet .
I can't believe it's POWER! Really better then the reviews I read & the battery last twice (possible) longer then my older Milwaukee and DeWalt drills
First thing I did with the #9079 after I charged the batterieswas tried to take a tire off my car, as Emeril would say &quot;BAM&quot;it busted the lug nuts with ease, &quot;BAM&quot; it put em back on with ease.I have owned this for about a year and it does everthing promised and more, when battery technology hits us in 2004we will have better batteries for our 18v tools and then look out this thing will go all day.Get this tool.............
I work at a tractor dealership and bought the impact/drill 18v combo.  WOW.  The MAC and Craftsman air impacts barely get used anymore because of this beast.  This thing loosens rusted 5/8" blade spindle bolts with ease and lasts up to an hour on one battery with moderate use.  As another review mentioned, it doesn't kick up dust like air impacts which is really nice on farm machinery.  IT IS HEAVY, but it is more balanced than an air gun which I think makes it more comfortable in the long run.Obviously the huge advantage is no cords so it is extrememly nice on a service calls and fixing flat tires in remote storage buildings without an air compressor.Highly recommended, along with the 18v Milwaukee drill.
I have used this item for over 7 years it works well but is a little heavy and could use just a bit more torque capacity.
I purchased this tool to help me remove 32 lug nuts from a Ford F350 Super Duty.  These nuts were all torqued to 148 ft. lbs. with a certified Proto torque wrench with a very light coating of oil on the threads.  This tool would not budge these lug nuts.  My wife's Taurus has its lug nuts torqued to 100 ft. lbs. with the same Proto certified torque wrench.  Same result.  Once the lug nuts were removed, I used the tool to install the nuts.  As best I can determine, the torque applied was around 80 ft. lbs.  Quite a bit different from the 240 ft. lbs. advertised.  My advise is to look elsewhere.
DO NOT buy this product from this company. I received this product this evening, opened it up out of the UPS box and immediately saw that the Milwaukee box had been opened up quite a few times. I took the Impact Wrench out of the box and it had scratches and dust all over it. This had clearly been used and I couldn't believe it.  BTW, this tool does not come with a charger or battery, that cost extra.
18v Milwaukee tools are my favorite and I've used a lot of different ones. I've got the drill, reciprocating saw, light, and now the impact. The impact is powerful, the only draw back would be it's weighty. The way I've compensated was sliding the battery on the backside, seems to make it more balanced. Bought this as alternative to an air gun when I wasn't home.
We hardly ever use our air impact anymore..... this impact might be the most handy tool on the farm. We added two rings to our grain bin and used this impact and it performed extremely well, when we were taking out the old bin bolts, some were very rusted so i turned the setting to tighten and this thing had enough power to just break the 1/2 inch bolts right off!!!! ........... just make sure to buy two batteries and you'll be set... one for backup. i've also bought the light, saw zaw, and the grinder, they all work great... Milwaukee has got it figured out in the cordless department and these things will last!!!
Bought this  "bare"  on Amazon for $100.00.  What a great deal!!  Tool works FANTASTIC, took 5 bolts off my Tundra in less than 1 1/2  minutes easily.  Can't wait for a Patio  project to see how it handles installing large lag bolts.........
This Milwaukee 18 volt impact wrench is unreal!!!!!!I have owned it for three months now and I have yet to findits limmit. Tire lugg nuts are a joke evan on a 18 wheeler!I have driven 3/4 inch by 10 inch long lag bolts with no pilotholes, straight thru 4x6 beams into stucco and thru the wall studs no problem!!! Yes I said with no pilot holes.And just for fun I drove a one inch by 12 inch long lag bolt intothe end of a pressure treated 4x6, with ease.I removed a rusted 7/8 inch nut that was imposssible to do by hand. The tool is big and heavy no doubt about it but not toobig or too heavy. It does have excellent ballance and is extremley rugged. This much power in a tool does have its downside, after removeing 4 tires and replacing them the battery isshowing signs of fatigue and after 4 of the 3/4 inch by 10 inchlag bolts the battery is dead. (those are huge bolts)If you do this kind of thing often your better off with a cordedimpact gun. But I have found the cordless to be very handy.If the tool stands the test of time its a huge winner!!!!!!
I have a 2003 GMC Diesel 1 ton "dually" with 6 aggressive off road style tires.  These tires need to be rotated frequently to get the maximum life out of them, the front tires on my truck wear "funny" if I don't rotate them, probably due to the aggressive tread pattern and the weight from the diesel engine, 4,000 lbs on the front axle empty.  This tool makes a hard and tedious task almost fun.  I only drive this truck when I need to do "1 ton work" so it doesn't get a lot of miles on it, I think it only has about 30K on it now, so the lug nuts get a good chance to rust/weld themselves in place between rotations.  The Milwaukee impact has never failed to remove and replace all the wheels on a single battery charge!  The first time I rotated the wheels they had been on about 5 years and I thought that there was no way that this little battery operated toy of a tool would take them off....so I got out my 24" breaker bar and prepared to do battle, I had been down this road before.....it spun all the factory installed lug nuts off without hesitation.  I couldn't believe it!  This is one of the best labor saving (grunt and sweat) tools I have ever bought.  I already had 8-18 volt Milwaukee batteries 2 Ni-Cads and 6 Lithium Ion so it was a no brainer to get a "bare tool" Milwaukee 1/2" Impact.  I am glad I did.  It exceeds my expectations.  It does a lot of work on a battery charge.  I am sure that some day I will find something that it needs help with and I will break out the huge breaker bar and extension...but it hasn't happened yet.  If it ever does I will update this review.UpdateI used this tool today to dissassemble my rather large boat trailer that was in my barn fire.  Taking it apart was the only way I was able to move it since the tounge was twisted and the wheels were siezed on the axels.  It spun out all the rusted bolts even the axel/spring hanger bolts without breaking a sweat.  I carried the entire trailer out by hand after breaking it down to its individule components.  The trailer has been sitting in the weather for about a month and has become very rusty.  It was one of the last items to be cleaned up because I couldn't figure out how to move it.  I love this tool.Please vote if you find this review helpful.
This is a great device.  I took it on vacation and ran everything on it.  Although they don't recommend portable computers I ran two computers off of this without problems.  I highly recommend this product.
We use this unit to power our cabin lights, tv, radio, tools, etc. most of the year.  We connect it directly into the cabin wiring - the same wiring used by our generator during the summer when we need a lot more power to run the air conditioners.  Been working for 5 years without a problem.
This is the best high speed buffer you can buy. I have used them for years in the past to buff out cars. Dropped them, run them over with cars, burnt the edges of paint on cars with them and made a lot of money with mine. I have had Makita and DeWalt in the past and had problems with both. The only problem I had with the Milwakee is the electrical cord shorting out. That was after years of abuse. The balance and weight of the machine also feels better. If you are an auto bodyman, painter or detailer, this is a must have tool. If you just want to wax your car you don't need this. You also can damage your paint if you don't know how to use it. If you do know how to use it, may be the last one you'll ever need.
Once again I bought a tool "reconditioned" from Amazon...and it looks absolutely 100% brand new to me...inside and out.  All the plastic parts on the outside are new, the hardware, cord, handle, you name it. are all brand new.  I would defy anyone to pick it out from one in a store that costs a lot more.  I've had nothing but great luck with these reconditioned tools.  Years ago I borrowed a Milwaukee polisher to work on a trailer's paint job...and was very impressed.  Other makers try to copy it...but I think it's still the best..and a great deal on Amazon.  The variable speed is a great feature on this one too.....
I hate perfume type sprays, all that gives you is a overheavy perfume plus the original stink.  This actually seems to eliminate odors, it's good stuff.
This is a very effective and pleasant way to eliminate all sorts of odors.  It works by removing the offending smell, not just overlaying it with heavy scent.  Use it in the kitchen, bathroom, laundry room to freshen the air wherever needed.
Citrus Magic is wonderful addition to any home, apartment, vehicle or office.  A quick squirt provides an hour of fresh or refreshing air.  It is not messy and environmentally safe.
I have a urgent story to tell. Before I knew of Citrus Magic, I used to use big name chemical air fresheners even though it gave me headaches. One day my pet rats had gotten out and were underneath some cabinets. I thought I could spray some of the chemical air disinfectant (one of the big names) under there and they would go running out where I could catch them.I did catch them but a mere few days later, they started twitching and convulsing, then they dropped over dead.Later on, someone I knew that was a big fan of commercial chemical sprays ( he thought he had to disinfect his new house) had a stroke the few days after he moved into his new house and sprayed it down with air freshener disinfectant ( big name)  he died shortly after.We are being nerve gassed with chemical sprays !!!!!!!!!!!!Citrus magic is the only thing I use now after that scare.  It will naturally disinfect the air. Spread the word to all you know to stay away from chemical air fresheners and give them a bottle of Citrus Magic.
This product is wonderful--not too heavy, not too light, and it actually removes HORRIBLE smells...i.e. diaper pail, last night's fish, etc.
After using large amounts of Lysol and Febreeze &#34;air sanitizers&#34; multiple times a day in a heavily used bathroom, we became concerned about the amount of the spray we were using combined with people breathing it, so we gave this product a try.Pros: smells much better and more pleasant than other more recognizable air freshener/sanitizer brands. No chemical smell or suffocating effects if you happen to walk in shortly after spraying. Also, extremely effective with odors. You can spray half the amount of Febreeze or Lysol you would use and still eliminate the odor.Cons: the meaning &#34;Natural&#34; is vaguely defined on the bottle, but simply based on the way it smells and doesn't suffocate when you breath it, I'm inclined to think it's mostly natural. Like all other products, it will leave a non-sticky but slightly greasy residue on flat surfaces when used heavily.Bottom line, we love it and will be buying more.
love this citrus magic orange spray. Smells great and it's a non-aerosol - so it's good for the ozone layer too!
My sister introduced me to Citrus Magic several years ago. Only product I've found with a pleasant, not flowery smell, that removes, not hides, odors. Perfect for the bathroom. Travels with me to hotels, Too!
This is a wonderful product for eliminating odors around the house.  No purfumey small - just real lemon with a fresh scent.  The price on Amazon, however, is much higher than in my local grocery store - even with tax.  Shop around.  You can find it cheaper!
I love this product. It produces a clean, fresh scent that is natural. The price on Amazon, however, is ridiculous. Go to your local grocery. They sell it for about half this price.
love this all natural spray-- smells great and doesn't add chemicals to your air. so worth the cost to breath clean air
I have been using this product for several years. It never disappoints. Living in florida, the scent of real oranges is a plus. The scent doesn't linger forever, and I would't want it to. It does its job at neutralizing odors naturally, and then slowly fades away. Perfect!
This is magic!  It eliminates all odors and leaves a light pleasant citrus fragrence. Well worth the money. I have multiple cats and use it twice a day to keep the cat odor away:-)
This is strong when you first spray. But I found out  I was spraying too much out,  In this case less is more
what can I say my bathroom smells like oranges. what else can I say its inexpensive and it works real good.
love this product... and my mom was wanting some and not having luck finding it in stores. nice, citrus smell, without worrying about chemicals!
My mother (deceased) introduced me to this wonderful product when I lived in Palm Springs, CA.  I have tried to find the same/similar product(s) but to no avail.  But this is the real stuff, and I couldn't be happier.  When I need to re-order more I'll be sure to use this company again.
and I had high expectations.  great scent and really takes away the odors...doesn't have that clawing smell like perfume so nice and clean
Great orange scented Air Freshener.  Natural oils so anyone allergic to perfume type scents won't be gasping for air.Works great.
Top Notch product, no other freshener compares. plus it lasts about 4 times longer . . . . . .
Just thought I would mention that ants don't like it either. Spray where the ants are coming in. Not too heavy as the smell can be overpowering, but give it a try. Beats paying the pest control companies to come out EVERY month.
Have used this product for several years and it does work well for odor control. However, in the past month I have had two cans fail - not by failing to spray as others have noted (safe) but by failing to turn off (dangerous). I tried to lift the spay button on the last one to stop it and it blew right off and shot the very irritating concentrate into my face wearing glasses kept it out of my eyes) and all over the bath until I could rush it to the sink and let it empty itself down the drain. I called the customer comment number printed on the can - disconnected. Will never buy again  - lucky it wasn't a young child.
Citrus Magic has long been my favorite Air Freshener.Where I live,the fans that supposedly take smells and grease out of our apartments don't exhaust anything outside.I have two aging cats as well!Beaumont really knows what they're doing.It doesn't make my apartment smell like a bordello.It's fresh and crisp and doesn't linger chokingly as other more heavily advertised products do.I'm thinking of ridding the elevator in my building of someone's nose numbing(don't I wish?)perfume.Some visitors want to know what smells so good-and I'm not baking goodies any more!
Love that it smells like I just peeled an orange and the smell is pleasant and lasts a long time
It's so hard to find such room deodorizers in local stores, and this particular product works extremely well, and I highly recommended.  Just a few dashes of this product sprayed upward, and odors are gone, replaced with a very mild citrus smell.  Once the citrus odor is gone, so is the other odor as well!
This stuff is great for removing glue residue without the nasty chemical smell of other goo removers.We used this for removing adhesive back tag gunk from shelves at a store I worked at. It worked better AND no complaints about the odor from customers.
I purchased a used car from a smoker and I would not want to drive in the car unless I removed the smell.  I sprayed the entire inside down three times with this product and the smoke smell is gone.  Great product.
I have been using Citrus Magic for years. Nothing beats it for clearing the air. Use it in the kitchen and bathroom.
Hard to find air fresheners that aren't too over powering, but this has a natural, pleasant aroma that does the job well. Will continue to use.
This will eliminate the smell of anything in the kitchen or bathroom and completely replace it with a great orange scent.  It doesn't mix with other odors, it overpowers and eliminates them.  As a result, you use less with each use.  Definitely worth the extra cost.
Just Spraying a little of this last for at least two hours.  It's not overwhelming or weak.  I just put other magic citrus products in the wish list for when this runs out. Not sure why this isn't sold in stores such as whole foods.Edit: Seems citrus magic's site has various stores that sell this such as Target.  I've never seen in and live in the Target HQ of Minneapolis.  Oh well.  Great stuff either way.
This is one of those tried and true products I never deviate from.  It was great to find Citrus Magic at such a reasonable price.  No local stores carry this product, so it was great to be able to order it and get it quickly.  Thanks for your service.
OZONE FRIENDLY SPRAY CAN DOES NOT SPRAY. CANT GET THE PRODUCT OUT OF THE CAN SO WASTE OF YOUR MONEY.
Most realistic scent I've ever used. It smells just like fresh peeled oranges. Not over strong or heavy with perfume.
We hve used this product for years.  My father first used it when he had colon cancer IT WORKS and it is a very plesant.
I love the smell of oranges as an air freshener. We have a house with three levels, so I purchased three (3) cans.
environmentally friendly, no toxins or carcinogens, has excellent EWG score (I like that), and does a good job of eliminating strong odors.
I love citrus scents and this one is a keeper!!  It smells like fresh grapefruit, removes the bad odor from the air, and the fragrance lasts for quite a while!
This stuff smells great. Its nice to have a natural kind of smell as opposed to flowery smells. Will buy again.
I have allergic reactions to many air freshener and fragrances. This product does not bother me and smells like a fresh cut orange.
t Ihe product was  defective when I received it-- the spray nozzle was missing so since I could not return it I threw it away
My sister introduced this product to me 10 years ago when I visited her in California and said it was the only product that didn't smell like it was obviously covering up fecal odors!I found it and used to buy it at Target but now Fabreeze and Glade products have filled the shelves and forced me to order it online.I'm glad to have found it again!
great smell for an air freshener spray ~ really eliminates bad odors ~ fragrance is distinctly &#34;orange&#34; and it's nice.  DO NOT LIKE the fact that they wouldn't ship to my PO Box ~ why?
I've used Citrus Magic Air Freshener before, but have looked for it locally for several months.In desperation I tried Amazon.  It's just a pleasant, fresh scent; smells like a freshly sliced orange.
One of our bathrooms has no fan and odor is hard to remove. This cannister works perfectly for about 2.5 months, used many times a day to mask odors.Use it sparingly at first as it is fully charged, and then it becomes much less so over time.
This product is amazing when it comes to covering odors.  It has a very strong citrus smell so a warning: a little goes a long way.  I would recommend it.
This is a product  I have used before works very well and is even good for the car.  Love the citrus scent.
Ok - this is embarrassing but when you use the bathroom and &#34;really&#34; want to kill the smell without a flowery or vanilla scent that kind of just mixes with the smell then this product is for you.  This Orange smell totally eliminates odors and doesn't mask them or leave a hint of the old smell you don't want behind.  It is super strong so just one or two quick sprays goes a very long way.
We keep one of these in each restroom. These last a while, smell amazing, and I know nothing poisonous is going into the air. Being environmentally sound is an important part of our work environment.
This is the best odor eliminator I have found.  The scent is great and completely eliminates odor.  We also use it in our RainBow Vacuum to refresh the whole house.  Just a little spritz into the water tank and presto - fresh air!
We have a cat.  I hate artificial coverup scented sprays.  They contain chemicals that can be hazardous to your health.  This is citrus.  And just a tiny spray covers up any cat box odor (it is very concentrated). I have used this for years, and highly recommend.
This stuff works! The citrus is very pleasant and removes any odor. And this isn't like most of the commercial air fresheners: I find most of them have an artificial smell which usually just mixes with the bad smell you are trying to get rid of. This citrus magic actually gets rid of the smell, and it smells completely natural.
that it is pleasant smell with out being to strong. works well on 90 percent of odors and lasts a while to. doesn't just disappear seconds later.
This is the only brand of air freshener I buy.  I have tried them all and all of them are nice, but the linen and citrus cover the odor without being overwhelming.  I will continue to use these items.
This air freshener has a powerful, long-lasting, and delightful scent.  The fragrance is like sliced oranges.  So natural. A little goes a long way.
On the expensive side, but made in the US and supremely powerful. If the Transformers ever have to share a bathroom, they will want to enlist the aid of Optimus Citrus.
This is the best odor eliminator I have found, anywhere!  It makes even my bathroom smell wonderful, with its clean orange scent.
Replaces gross smells with a pleasant fresh orange scent, and a little goes a long way. Great for the bathroom, trash cans, and musty odors. While this is not really an odor eliminator, it does a better job of covering up impermanent smells than most sprays.
I have tried various air fresheners and have found Citrus Magic (Orange, as well as Tropical Citrus Blend) to be excellent for freshening up the house.  The Tropical Citrus Blend tends to be a bit powerful and linger for some time, while the Orange seems to "clean" the air and dissipate slightly faster. I find that you need to use less Citrus Magic and can have freshness with a quick spray compared to Pure Citrus, which is similar in scent and size.
Great product. Clears the air with pleasant citrus scent. Feels natural in its smell and not chemical. Comes in different sizes so be sure to order the one you need/want.
Smells good at first but it leaves a weird artificial aftertaste. The pressurized can works as good as CFC filled cans.
Only product that actually works - not just masks the smell. Leaves a very fresh-cut lemon/orange scent that I just want to inhale.
This is a great product to use as a mark eraser on painted metal.  This is what we use it for.
This item does not have enough space for your car documents unless if you have to cut your car certificate in two.
I agree with another review that the pockets are really sticky. When you put it in your glove compartment, it makes the whole thing stick even more. I live in NY and our insurance cards are more rectangular and not square so it doesn't fit in this case unless you fold it. Also our registration cards are glossy and the ink will smear on the inside of the plastic leaving a copy of the card on it. I think if your registration cards are just plain paper it will be fine.
This wallet is made with very cheap materials.  The plastic sticks together on hot days and it will probably fall apart before too long.Its an okay way to keep the insurance card and registration handy for now, but if you have to pull it out on a regular basis like me, I would recommend getting something more durable.
Super. Very Neat. Even for Traffic Cop it is very impressive and quick to find and present.
It's cheap and it's high quality, and you will never lose your insurance card or registration again.  This makes it easy when you got pulled over by a cop and asked for registration/insurance :-)
I purchased this item to keep my insurance and registration information neat and in an easily retrievable format. It fits great into not only the glove box, but also the center console. It's flat, sturdy and is just the right size for the information cards I mentioned above. I would highly recommend this product. It's well worth the small investment.
Everyone should have one...in fact, everyone in my family does! No more shuffling through glove boxes or overheads or in between consoles....find your registration with one quick glance! Love it!
I purchased this a few years ago to contain my vehicle registration and insurance instead of stashing them in the car's manual.  My insurance cards are glossy and stuck inside the pockets leaving a copy of the card's red and black print inside.  I'm in Florida, so I have to fold our current overly long registration to fit it in.  Since I can't use the pockets, it's just an giant paper clip.  I paid under half of Amazon's current price and I think that's all it's worth.
a great way to keep your insurance papers in check . never again do you have to fumble around in your glove box for your insurancepapers
This is a GREAT power inverter for the car! I use it for plugging my laptop in so I can charge it and play music while driving. High recommended, and I've never had a problem with it! *****
I purchased this unit from a Radio Shack in town (for way too much money, might I add) and was very upset to discover that by &quot;140watt&quot; they mean &quot;70 watts per plug&quot; (the device has two AC outlets on it.) Plugging in my Dell laptop adapter (which pulls exactly 70 watts) caused the unit to overload, and it popped the fuse inside of the cigarette lighter itself. Furthermore Radio Shack wouldn't take it back because they claimed I damaged it. Anyhow, the unit feels sort of cheaply constructed, and when it was &quot;on&quot;, it smelt like burning electronics. I wouldn't trust it as far as I could throw it.Go with another manufacturer, this company makes garbage.
This electric impact seems to work pretty well.  I haven't used it a whole lot, but it will bust lug nuts loose with ease.  Just don't expect to get into any tight spaces with this thing.  It is much bigger and bulkier than your air impact wrench.  My only complaint is that it would not break my leaf spring nuts/bolts loose on my truck.  Oh well.  Guess you can't win 'em all!  Overall, I would recommend this item.  I keep it in my truck with a DC-AC adapter in case I find myself in a bad situation while traveling.
This has a great  look and the reverse and forward switch is a great touch. But the back is too long to get into tight places when you want to get out maybe a starter or headlights or any other nut or bolt under the hood. I used on two Honda Accords with not much luck. These are great for bolts like lug nuts or axel nut or oil pan nut for oil change. Basically any big nut you can all ready reach and view with no problem. I had better luck with a cheaper model impact wrench you can get for like 99.99. You will also need lots of extentions and adapter if you plan to use this impact wrench. YOU NEED 1/2 adapter will not just fit on your regular sockets. Worked amazing for axel nut felt powerful strong motor but again you can get same results with cheaper model and its too big and bulky for anything else. This is great if you want to spend 200 bucks for something you will only be able to use one or two times.
Awesome product at an amazing price. Tried this impact wrench on lug nuts and they off with a zap. No more having to wait on the air tank to fill
I was very happy to find a product made in the USA that was affordable and work's GREAT .I will buy more Milwaukee tool's when I replace my other one's .
Milwaukee really deserves its reputation for being a premium manufacture of power tools.  I initially have some doubts about the torque when I ordered until it arrived.  It is really amazing, extremely powerful and yet so easy to control.  Unlike breaker bar, it just easily breaks two pieces of lug nuts without damaging the nut itself.  A broken nut would cost me at least $35 + tax from car dealers.  4 broken lug nuts would cost me more than what I paid for this tool.  Great investment.  I will not look for any other brands when shopping for power tools.
Great impact wrench a lot of power.Excellent 5 years warranty.The socket retention is really good.Really good for changing tires and other works.
I purchased this Impact to replace a Snap-On corded impact that was getting tired. I am very happy with the power, the Milwaukee has compared very well to the Snap-On. I've tightened and loosened hundreds of bolts with the Milwaukee and it's working out great. I've even taken off very rusted lug nuts with the Milwaukee impact. The only problem I have is the body of the gun is a little to long and it doesn't fit into tight spaces as good as the Snap-On did. I would recommend this impact to anyone look for a lot of power for their money!
Bought this impact wrench with a portable generator. Have taken it with me to junkyards under extreme hot Florida weather, dust, dirt andit keeps on running and running. Have taken apart a few engine blocks, transmissions, difficult flywheels with no problem. It is worth every penny, it takes a beating and keeps on working flawlessly.I would recommend the wrench.The only minor observation is that it is a little heavy and bulky so it may be hard to work on tight spaces especially under fenders and close quarters inside engine bay, or if not enough clearance from the floor. if you a little weak on upper body muscles and wrists you may develop some cramping do to its heavy weight.
I purchased this thing because i didn't want to buy a large compressor and air tools.So far i've used it for 2 things that really came in handy:1. Removing axle nuts2. turning the screw on a bearing press.Worked flawlessly and one of the best investments in tools so far.i used to use a 5 foot extension/cheater pipe to remove axle nuts but now i just hit it with this impact gun for 5 seconds and it comes off without a hitch. Great item!!!
I purchased this to carry on my Class C RV for tire changes on the road. Well I had to pull a tire and change a burned locked up brake caliper in a parking lot and I sure am glad I had it. It took off those hot lug nuts like they were finger tight. Great tool, worth the money, I haven't used my air impact I have at home since I bought this.
Don't buy this and expect it to just turn off 300ft/lb bolts like nothing.  It has a lot of grunt for its size, but predictably wasn't able to budge a Honda crank bolt (which can actually be up to 500ft/lbs after 20 yrs).  Not to worry, it has loosened every other thing I've thrown at it (flywheel bolts, suspension bolts, lug nuts, etc).
You can feel the torque in this tool. Used to remove rusted drive train bolts. Snaps them loose with ease. Glad I bought this tool. Well worth the money.
This is my first internet tool purchase and the first thing other than books from amazon. Great deal this is a quality product its easy to use, its not all that heavy, its balanced, not front heavy thanks to the magnesium shroud on the front.I bought this tool to break the axle nut loose to change the CV shaft on my car, it did this easily.I'll be buying more milwaukee tools in the future for sure.
I bought two of these impact guns, when they work they are awesome. Problem is I have had to send both of them in for repairs. Repair process is so, so, not the best in speed, that is why I bought a second one, tired of waiting for repair. Beats the heck out of the Dewalt I was using before, that gun could not tighten a nut to save its own you know what, I always had to re-torque by hand, it would never tighten to its rated specs. This gun tightens them up like its supposed to, no need to double check all the time. The warranty is good and the only reason its not getting 5 stars is due to the fact it broke way too soon. However, I was using these every day in a very heavy use environment with very large nuts and bolts, like over 2 inches! I would definitely prefer this for cost over the other options, the Hitachi's are nice but very expensive, this one is reasonable and does a good job.
Very convenient and powerful.  It will actually pull 3/4&quot; wedge anchors out of the concrete if you let it.  360deg handle is easy to move out of the way or pull off to get into tight spaces.  Worth the money!
Its has enough power to work on utility poles.  If your not strong, you will find a problem using it with one hand (ie. drill on one side of bolt while anchoring wrench on other) -- choose a model you can easily hold in one hand based on your ability.
I got this to recharge batteries while camping out at a music festival.  It worked like a champ.  If there's too much of a draw (like on say, an electric heating element) it just trips the breaker.  Seems well made.  I keep it in the truck.  It seems like a better solution than lots of DC cigarette lighter adapters (particularly the Rio Karma adapter I bought off ebay which never worked).
This inverter does exactly what it is supposed to.  Runs fairly quiet (fan noise is not overbearing as in other units I've tried).  The two outlets are convenient.  One time I tried to use it when the thumbscrew on one of the terminals was inadvertently loosened by one of my children.  It appropriately went into overload mode to prevent any damage to the videocamera I was charging.  As soon as I tightened the thumbscrew, the inverter worked perfectly and charged the camera.
I got mine in 2004 while trucking. Used it for everything from camping to travel. I have overloaded it, blown fuses, melted the plastic around the lighter socket adapter tip, used it in the rain with only a plastic shopping bag protecting it.... Probably not so great for ventilation. Yes looking back on it now "young and stupid" comes to mind. This thing survived life on the road running my (year 2000) desktop PC with the big old monitor until I could afford to buy a laptop. It survived the worst I could throw at it and the built in protections have done their job. Get some heavy duty wires for it and it will serve you well.
We drove up to Canada, many hours in the car and with out this unit the trip would have been much longer. I was able to plug in my laptop and powered speakers and the kids watched DVDs the whole trip. Worked great...
I have used this model for 8 years almost daily and it finally gave out after 8 years, I highly recommend it and I recently replaced it with another sima inverter.
works great. Used it for the summer while camping to run a small tv.
This power inverter works great powering my laptop and charging my cell on road trips. It never overheats and the fan makes very little noise.
I bought this to recharge my laptop between uses while traveling from one point to another. It works perfectly with my laptop. Several things to note; my laptop adapter draws more wattage than average, approx. 180W, which is the practical limit when using the lighter plug cable. Sometimes when I stop, the brake lights drop the voltage slightly and the alarm will beep, otherwise when driving it's fine. My charging system and battery checked out OK, it's simply drawing a lot of current through the lighter plug. If your laptop or other item pulls less than this, you'll be fine, just be aware of this limitation with any inverter. Check your devices and add up how many watts you will need while driving, otherwise you will be limited to the battery clips to take advantage of the full 325W capacity.
My Dell M6600 laptop comes with a 240 watt power adapter.  One must over-spec when purchasing modified sine wave inverters, such as this, because devices tend to use more current than when connected to the power company's pure sine wave that they are designed to use.  How much more, depends on the type of load.  Other than starting the AC gradually, this is a very simple, and reliable unit.  It uses a capacitor to assist with equipment start-up surges, and the fan runs full speed whenever the unit is switched on.I initially had a problem with this it not running my laptop for more than 5 minutes.  The problem was a cigarette lighter circuits are kind of on the edge when powering a large laptop.  For inverters bringing the power from 12v to 120v, I have a rule of thumb that I use.  Take the load in watts and divide by 10 to get amps for the primary circuit.  Example, for 240 watts, figure 24 amps.  Mathematically it would be less than that, but this method builds in ~16% conversion loss, which is just about right.  Cigar lighter circuits are typically fused for 20 amps, and don't mind the voltage drop, but our inverters drop out when the voltage dips below 10v-11v so it matters a lot.  Check the voltage across the DC inputs to see what you are getting.  You will unquestionably need to run a fused #10 wire from the battery or junction box hot wire to the inverter to get the full capacity out of this unit.  That turned out to be a simple matter for me since my vehicle did not come with a power seat, and there was a space for a 40 Amp fuse to power it.  One of the seat track anchors made a fine ground.
this won't break down like other cheap inverters, great for using laptops in cars, definitely would recommend this to others
This inverter has ridden around in my family van for about two years now.  We originally got it for a New York to Florida family road trip.  Our van has an auxiliary video input for the rear-seat DVD screen, so with AC power available on the inverter, the kids could use their game console as well, and that was a big hit with them.  The inverter had no trouble powering any combination of two devices in the two outlets: Game cube and laptop... game cube and cell phone charger... cell phone and laptop... I still use it occasionally for my laptop when in the passenger seat.The inverter will trip off -- requiring a reset by turning the power switch off and on -- if it thinks there is an overload, and also every time the car is started, which is annoying but predictable.  (Only a few rare times has the unit clicked off with a normal load that it is really capable of handling, but this never happened enough times to become an issue.)  It also has an audible alarm if the input voltage from your car battery dips too low, to prevent draining it.  This feature saved me once when I was waiting in a parking lot one night, working on my laptop, and I had forgotten my headlights were still on.The only real con I could mention is that the cooling fan is quite loud, even noticeable over road noise.  I usually stuff the unit under a seat, or under some other items in the car (while keeping the fan ports unblocked, important!) to minimize the annoyance.The inverter comes with battery cables and a lighter plug, but I have never used the battery cables.  Overall, I would recommend this unit to others.
I've had this inverter for over 10 years and it's been bouncing around my truck most of the time in it's original packaging.  I used it lightly at craft shows on hot days to run fans with a portable battery pack, plugged into the cigarette lighter connection.  After reading many reviews on other (bigger) inverters I really appreciate the auto reset with audible beeps and overload light, two AC plugs, even the power light.  Many inverters, even the expensive ones, don't have these features.I'm now putting this unit into service in case of power outage in my home, so I did some testing.  For the low-tech minded like myself, here are the results:This inverter will power up and run a:fan (maybe two), several lights at once, sewing machine, an old 17&#34; TV and DVD player at the same time (start the TV first), an old desktop computer, LCD monitor, my stereo receiver and CD player at the same time, laptop computer, variable speed drill, and a curling iron (due to the slow increase in heat I suspect).It will NOT power up a:microwave, power tools (circular saw, 4&#34; grinder), small space heater, small vacuum, new desktop computer (2009), refrigerator, toaster, or, most important to me, my furnace, in case power goes out in the winter time.  So I'm shopping for a bigger inverter to handle the bigger jobs.  But for small jobs, this inverter has been very reliable and now you have a good idea for what it will and will not run.  Hope this helped.
If you are looking for1. Connecting multiple electrical devices in the car/van etc without having a cigar lighter connector for every device2. Compact equipment to charge your batteries3. Using laptops, cellphones, lights, charge camera/camcorder4. Using it from cigar lighter and Battery directlyHere you have a simple,Cheap and effective solution. This worked for me good. My daughter loved it when she could use her laptop in the van during our 4 hours long drive last time. She could watch DVD, play games etc without any stopping for charging the battery etc...I liked this product and the price was good too.
I am most pleased with this fine inverter.  Relatively small size, excellent quality, no problems (so far).  Highly recommended.
I bought five for family for trunk safety kits.  None worked, i.e., compressors will not turn on.  Would not want to find out on side of road.
Nice looking design, but just can't do the job.  Worked for less than 10 minutes.  No manufacturing info.  And the cheap price makes it not worthwhile to mail back for replacement.
I've used this thing for 4 years now and it still works great. I primarily use it for inflating low automobile tires. It can bring my totally flat minivan tire to 30lbs in about 12 minutes. I also use it on my atv tires. I just bought another one on amazon for my wifes car. Works great for me!!!
This started coming apart the second time I used it.  I wasn't expecting much, but this was complete junk.  Pay a little more for a better quality product.
It arrived in torn up packaging, and broken. I didn't even try it before I returned it. I hope some else ad better luck.
Worked twice, then just stopped working. Blew fuses on cigarette lighters in both our cars.  Yes you get what you pay for. Think.  You can pick up a blow dryer for your hair for about same price; and it will work for a few years, For this product to just stop working after a few uses indicates this manufacturer has no qualms about selling defective merchandise.Amazon should dump this product.
I'm returning this product, for a few reasons: the pressure gauge isn't accurate, the hose from the compressor to the tire isn't long enough, and the unit looks like it will fall apart after one season of use.  The idea is great, but the delivery is poor.
The unit is the worst pump I have ever used, it can not even fill a tire that is just low. The unit runs for a few minutes and then starts to labor.....stay away a waste of money.
This compressor is just this side of useless. You buy cheap you get cheap. Then again if you need a bright yellow doorstop, this could be the product for you!
This worked OK for around two months.  Then the light broke.  OK, the compressor still worked so I could use it.  For a while.  Then the snap-on tire connector broke and that was that, I had to throw it out.  When it did work it was very loud and kind of slow.  Spend another ten bucks and get something else (with a screw on connector -- no snap ons).
Bought this compressor because it looked like a great deal.It does work,although I don't know how long.Casing is cheaply made, plastic seams don't match up, preasure guage quite inaccurate..face it  this product is a peice of C__P!
Air hose is way too short for practical automotive use. It's only approximately a foot (12") long. Also, the snap on connector was the first piece to break for my compressor. Not sure if I'm lucky or unlucky. Compressor, work/emergency light and cigarette lighter power cord still works, but without a snap on connector, this compressor is rendered useless. Stay away from this make and model compressor, and stay away from Wagan brand products altogether if you can help it. Have a new Slime compressor and I've used many different Slime tire gauges. Highly recommend that brand.
I bought this  to inflate airplane tires on my cessna.  I used it a total of five to ten times and the compression unit broke.  I would suggest buying another brand of compressor.
Got tired of local gas stations with broken air pumps, so I got this little dude. It works surprisingly well, although very slowly. It took about 3 minutes per tire to inflate from 26 to 32 psi on my car. If it were faster, it would be a five-star product.
I have lower back pain from time to time.  This product does the trick in helping relieve the pain.
This is inexpensive lower back support.  I sit all day long in a chair recommended by the chiropractic association.  However, the chair doesn't provide lower back support. The lumbar cushion added just the touch I needed.
It came in a cheap plastic bag with plastic snaps.  The &quot;switch&quot; assembly disintegrated taking it out of the bag, and the battery compartment is virtually inaccessible without ripping the back cover.  Very disappointed.  Returned it for refund immediately.
As people say, "What can you expect for fourteen dollars?"  Well I was hoping for something a little more substantial and maybe even something that could be described as a "bargain."This was not the case for this cheap, piece of soft foam.  Wish I had spent a little more and gotten the wooden bead seat cushion.
Recently developed arthritis in my lower back, this cushion helps me during the day at work in my office chair.
This is a good basic cushion for your auto.  I have been using it for over a month now and it is built to last.  I would not recommend it for your Mercedes or BMW but it is great for the Ford or Chevrolet in your life.  Very comfortable with good support.
The seat "beads" collapsed.I have nothing against the vendor, as the transaction went well, but the product, oy!
Got a 2002 Yellow SLK 320. Love to take it out on drives/ trips. Long drives/ trips. All day long drives! Seats are ok, but not like QX 4 Infinite seats (I have also). Needed something that would was cheap and would work. Didn't want to buy any kind of custom seat. Not ready for any kind of restoration project! So found this Magnetic Cushion. Took a gamble ( had serious doubts), but has turn out to work. Don't use for everyday use ( short drives) inconvient for getting in & out, only for the all day ones!
The soft foam beads neither cools nor massages, and the magnets are too sparsely placed to really do anything.  My old wooden bead cushion provided far better support and cooling.
I have a great wheelchair but my back gets sore with prolonged use and the fabric does not breathe well. Well this one item fixed both issues! It is easy to attach, fits me and my chair well, adds lots of comfort and allows better ventliation (less sweat, thank you!). I think this is advertised for car seats... please consider it for other uses, you'll thank yourself.
Needless to say, after reading the reviews, I as NOT too eager to try this. However, the price was still worth giving it a shot and I have purchased from this company multiple times in the past. I charged it right after purchase and than stored it in my trunk. It must have been in there a good 3 months before I finally found myself in need for it after I left my dome lights on through the night. I followed the manual and about ten minutes later, I was on my way to work! Saved me a LOT of money by avoiding a rental car or a tow!
Bought it to run my garmin nuvi. Which it will do for an hour, but only if you charge it the night before, if you toss this in your trunk it will fail.
IN AN EMERGENCY IT'S WORTH HAVING (DESPITE ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS).  IT TAKES AT LEAST A HALF AN HOUR TO WORK.  I WASN'T EXPECTING IT TO WORK AT ALL AND IF YOU LEAVE YOUR HEADLIGHTS ON  TOO LONG YOUR BATTERY MIGHT BE TOO DRAINED FOR THIS TO WORK, BUT FOR LIGHT CHARGING THIS MIGHT JUST DO THE TRICK. MY BATTERY WAS AT ABOUT 11 VOLTS BECAUSE I WAS USING THE AUX. POWER LONGER THAN I SHOULD HAVE WITH THE ENGINE OFF (MY BATTERY IS KIND OF WEAK ANYWAY). I DIDN'T HAVE TO CALL AAA OR GET SOMEONE TO GIVE ME A JUMP START (I DID HAVE TO WAIT ABOUT A HALF AN HOUR FOR THE UNIT TO WORK). THIS UNIT IS NO SUBSTITUTE FOR JUMPER CABLES OR TRIPLE A, BUT IF YOU HAVE THE TIME AND YOUR BATTERY ISN'T TOO DRAINED, THIS UNIT CAN HELP.  FOR THE PRICE ITS WORTH CARRYING AROUND.
I TRYED  EVERYTHING TO MAKE IT WORK  ALL THIS DID WAS TO TURN ON THE LIGHTS  I TRYED VERY (HARD HAVE A BLESS DAY)
It certainly got warm, but did not help to start my car! I purchased this after almost crashing my AAA card with 1 call too many for a jump-start... For the same price and a small sacrifice (open the hood!), an alternate that's actually a car battery with a wall hanger & a 120v plug will guarantee the jump...
this item doesn't work.  i had to end up charging my car battery with an electric one.  i followed all the instructions as the paper said and it doesn't work.  how can i return it and get my money back?thanks!
Great concept, but this little piece of junk couldn't jump start a child's electric toy car (if it had a cigarette lighter).  It simply doesn't hold enough of a charge, and what charge it does have takes forever to transfer through your cigarette lighter to your battery.  Great concept, but it's a worthless product.  Would love to find one that you can use from insider your car that isn't too big and bulky, but actually gets the job done.
I bought one of these years ago and it was a piece of garbage that did not work despite following instructions.  Not enough juice to help jump the car!  I can't believe they're still selling these!
Hmmmm... I really do not understand all of the negative reviews. I used this on my 1996 Honda Civic and it started right up after draining the battery the entire night. Perhaps they did not follow the charging instructions?
Kind of pointless. Doesn't start a dead battery or nearly dead battery after plugging in to charge for over 40minues. Possible utility if you have a weak battery but if its going to be in your car just in case, it is going to loose some of its charge just by temperature fluctuations and not being used for months.
My wife used it successfully the first time she tried it after her battery died.  I was delighted.  It is so much easier than using jumper cables, especially for a mom with a baby in the car!
The product description above is very misleading, because it suggests that this product can replace a jump-start.  My battery went dead today, and I used this to charge it for many hours.  All it managed to do was light up my dashboard clock.
Not enough power to jump a dead battery so what is the point, pure waist of money. You get what you pay for, invest a little more money for a bigger jumpstarter.
Description doesn't provide this device's capacity.Just says 5Amps. I found that this battery has 1.5Ah (Amp*hour)Compare with your car battery 75Ah capacity and top current of150Amp and you'd see that only by miracle it can recharge yourcar's battery or help you jump-start.
Wagan EA2045:  Well my use for this product is a bit differenct for what it is "originally" intended for, but it does what it says.  I am using it to power a 4 x 40 watt Car Stereo & 2 speakers of which I've installed in a corn hole game giving me "portable" music as the game is played.The Wagan EA2045 provides about 4 hours worth of "playing time" before needs recharging...which is plenty.  The Cigarette lighter input plug on the Wagan EA2045 works great for this application.  I tried to add a picture to this review showing the install, but AMAZON doesn't offer that as an "option", only video.
This Wagan EA2045 SelfCharge Auto Jumper In-Car Jumpstarter doesen't work at all specially today & the cigarette sucket is a kinda rusty but its new though so i'm trying to contact the seller but his/her not responding thats why i made this for "ANTonline" & for some people who is trying to buy this product i'm telling you now you're just ganna waste your time & money.=(
This jumper works just as described. I have not had any problems with it.  I highly recommend this product! OK
The on light flickered and I couldn't get it to work at all.  A friend tried it and had the same experience.  Very disappointing.
i just get this from amazon. it never charge my battery. i had smell something after charge. it is junk. after i try to changer my car it burn out the acc fuse and smell something only turn on the clock few second after off. i had try to return it. it can not return amazon return policy and company wagan i went to it is chinese company(hayward fremont sf bayarea) , they said this item alway had problem and been no longer avabile for sale. i want to return for my money back and the guy said you do not buy it from us. no money to return and there is trush can you can dum it. oh my god!!!
Last night it bailed me out for the second time in one year.Do you know that sinking feeling when you come out of the restaurant and find that you have left the headlights on and your car battery won't turn the engine over?This product WILL charge an auto battery in which you have left your lights on for 2.5 hours, long enough to prevent starting the car, POSITIVELY!You must keep it fully charged which is easy if you have auxiliary outlets in your car. (Most do, nowadays). Just leave it plugged in all the time and tuck the unit out of site under a seat or below the trunk floor. It has a long enough plug cord to reach most power outlets.Every time you drive, it tops-off the rechargeable battery. (When you leave your car, the unit stops charging and starts again when you begin charging. You can't just charge it up in January and yank it out again in July and expect it to work).This is a big money and anxiety-saver when you do leave a dome light or headlights on for a long time accidentally.If you follow the instructions, it WILL work exactly as advertised.---JP
I bought this for my mom because she doesn't use her car enough to keep the battery charged.  This indicated it would charge the battery enough to start the car.  Upon receiving it, the information included states very clearly that it will NOT work on a dead battery.  If I had known that, I wouldn't have bought it.  Now I can't return it.  Beware!!!!!
All charged and ready to go. haven't had a reason to use it yet and am not looking forward to a need, but just in case. I seem to be armed well for emergencies.
Not much power in this tiny little battery. It won't help you start a dead battery. It appears this is just 4 D size rechargeable batteries.
Bought this for my grandmother who is always leaving a light on in her car. No longer a need for her to call the tow company. Very safe & convenient product.
I tried to recharge my car's battery with this product. Followed instructions as they came with the package. Did not work.
No stars for this product even though the stupid Amazon reveiw site made me give it one. This product is a waste of money, don't buy it!You will be sorry.
I used this yesterday to start my dead car battery. I purchased this 2 years ago to use "just in case" and finally needed it. The written instructions say to charge 35 minutes, so 10 minutes mentioned here might not be long enough. It started right up and I drove to get a new car battery. I did charge it at home, so need to keep this charged up to use. Very pleased with the product and it has paid for itself in one use.
I AM HAPPY WHIT THIS ITEM. IT IS GREAT. I LOVE IT. I RECOMEND IT. IT IS WHAT I WANTED.
Wish I had found these reviews before purchasing this product. This will NOT jump start a dead car battery.Is there product that does what this promises i.e., jump start a dead car battery without 1)another car and 2)going under the hood?Please let me know as I've wasted too much time, money and safety on products that don't work (including this one).
To start a car, you need high current that a car battery provides, either from your own or a donor car's.This device can't provide enough current to start your car.  What it can do is to slowly charge your car battery and let it store enough power to give high current for a second.Apparently, if your car battery can't hold the charge, it wouldn't work; if it's very weak, it takes longer to charge.  And if you try to turn on the engine before the car battery is ready, you've just wasted all the juice from the jumper to the car battery, and may well blow any chance for this thing to work.There's nothing on the market that you can plug into the cigarette light socket and start the car instantly.  Even if the jumper has another car battery in it, the socket can NOT carry that much current.For the convenience, size and independence of a good Samaritan, this is as good as it can get.
I purchased this product thinking it would be a perfect solution if I am stranded with a dead battery. I have been stranded 2x with this product and I still had to reset my radio settings. It is not strong enough to jump a V8 engine.1. The picture on the web does not show the true size.....it's about 10 inches in length. There are other products available with the same battery amps but much smaller.2. The cord is entirely too short.....it hangs off of the dash versus sitting out of the way on the floor or seat.3. There is no indicator that tells you when this is fully charged, it only shows when it's on or off.4. When I thought I was going to send this back I was reminded by amazon that batteries are non returnable items!
does what its suppose to! have not  had a problem yet. thought i only used it twice, but its pretty ok
You really need to research this product like get the instructions from the Wegan websight if you can. I found after buying it just to get the system powered to get milage (insurance adjuster) it wouldn't work for any thing more than perhaps a clock and nothing on most cars. The instructions say right up front it wont work on a fully dead battery, or that the alarm must be disarmed (how you do that with out power I am not sure) or the ignition needs to be in the Acc. possion. Pay the piper and get the quality unit. You will no doubt need to return this one if you expect too much from it. I really don't see what this unit could be used for.
This product is a junk. It doesn't work. Only if your car battery is slightly shorter of power, it may work. In 99% chances, it won't work. In order for such a product to work, such a battery needs to have a much higher capacity. The car battery needs a lot of power. When you use such a product to charge the car battery, other devices in your car will also consume the power. Hence, only when such a product has a lot of power, it may charge the car battery sufficiently to start a car. This product with such a low capacity can only give you a false sense of security.
After reading the mixed reviews, I decided to give the Wagan EA2045 the benefit of the doubt and placed an order.BE WARE: This item is considered "hazardous material" and cannot be returned to Amazon, although it was shipped via UPS and arrived with no labels which indicate any "warning" of such.In short, this item did not work as described to jump start my nearly dead car battery (the car was left in accessory mode for 40 minutes).  I would give this item zero stars if available, but I guess the one star rating would apply since it did charge my cell phone as also described... but I didn't purchase this to re-charge my cell phone.  The most surprising aspect of this purchase/attempted return is that I was unable to send it back to Amazon because it's considered "hazardous material".  This absolutely should've been clearly stated before check-out, giving me and any perspective customer a last chance to opt-out of the purchase.In the end, Amazon customer service was phenomenal, like always, and processed a full refund.  Now I have a 4lb paperweight!Wagan EA2045 SelfCharge Auto Jumper In-Car Jumpstarter
A few months after purchasing this item, my car would not start due to a weak battery.  I tried using this device according to its instructions and was unable to start the car.  The light was on, so it was working but did not charge the battery enough to start.  I had to call for a jump start, which took over an hour to arrive causing me to miss an important appointment
I used it three times and it would not start. You have to call Tecumseh for the warranty. I was told to take it into an authorized Tecumseh service center. I did and it was the carburator. The service center said they were not sure if Tecumseh would pay for the repair even though it was still under warranty. What??/ The service center called Tecumseh several times and they said they'd talk to someone and get back to them. They never did. I called and talked to their customer service people twice. No toll free number either.  They had to get repair ok'd by a service manager. They never called. I called the service manager and of course had to leave a message. I left five of them over a three week period. He never called back. They never called the service center back either. If they had any intention of honoring their warranty, they'd have called back. So I ended up paying for [an expensive] dollar repair. The service center soaked that carb in cleaner overnight and it still wouldn't work. So they assumed it was a defective carburator. When it does run, it performs very well. But this motor is the loudest of any portable generator I have ever heard. I'm glad I don't have any close neighbors.
I would reccomend this generator to anyone as it performed flawless for three and a half day of use while I had no power.
Worked well for about 2 years. Then after storage in the house - fired it up and no AC voltage output. Tested it with a known good light bulb. Makes noise, indicator light is on, fuse looks good, just no AC. Open the bottom of the case - corrosion all over the place. Seems like they did not clean off the solder flux in manufacture, perhaps causing a bad join somewhere. More gifts from China now in the landfill. RayOVac seems to be having quality issues lately.
I use this to power my laptop in the car, while on the vehicle I use it on teh inverter isn't powered while the vehicle is off, it still works well while the car is on to power the laptop.  This inverter also generates slightly more power than other power inverters, but beware, the screws on the bottom of the invert er can scratch up teh ilnterior of teh car if you put it on say plastic or some leathers.  Works well though.
I bought and put one in my caravan. This is helpful and reliable. We have never tried 150W grinder as I know which need more than 300W surge which is not suitable to apply on this product. But the inverter makes my son sit proper at the back with his PSII + TV.
I bought this inverter at my local store.  I got to my vehicle read the reciept and to my surprise they only charged me just over $17 dollars!!!!!!  Talk about a good deal.  I have a work van that has no CD player.  Now I can easily play cd's!!!!!!
I need an inverter to run a small coffee grinder in our van on trips. Our grinder is rated at 150 watts. Wanting as small unit to store in the van I chose a unit at the right rating. The peak load is rated for 300 watts for a short time . Upon trial when it arrived the power unit shuts off in two seconds. I am unable to use it at all. I don't know if the grinder uses more than its power rating or if the power unit is too weak to carry the rated load. I am ordering a larger unit to resolve the issue. Note I even tried the grinder without the beans , no better. The unit we received was rated at 150 watts, not 140 I ordered.
This is a auto/air power adapter that inverts DC power into a standard AC power receptacle.I picked up this adapter after being unable to find a tip to use on my Compaq900 notebook for use with a universal adapter. This product is truly universal. But it doesn't seem to have enough power at 75watts and the special power save feature is annoying. It also means more stuff out of your laptop bag as you still need you regular power supply to plug into the adapter. But if it worked the whole flight it would be great. The problem is that it doesn't.It works fine in a car. But I purchased it for the air. On a flight out to SFO (A321) to CLT, I plug in the unit. Then I plug my notebook power supply into that. All is great, the notebook shows AC power and I'm off battery watching a DVD. About 1.5 hours into the flight the unit shows a red light and now refuses to charge. I tried another outlet but no luck. Now my wife is in a seat ahead of me using a regular auto/air adapter with her Thinkpad and it is working fine. But mine will not deliver power. You see the unit has this "smart" feature that makes it refuse to draw power if the source supply drops below 11.5WDC. So it cuts off. It blinks and charges for like 10 mins about 2 hours latter. Luckily, between the first hour on power and the battery I am up and working the whole trip but I was very disappointed by how it would stop.On the return flight, again on a USAir A321 it does the same thing. About 1.5 hours into the flight it stops working. And again my wife's cheaper unit is working fine. (BTW, I was 1st going out and Coach on the return and I noticed on the return that the entire plane had power ports, not just 1st. So don't let people tell you that the power ports are only in first.)Now, I don't know whether or not to blame the plane, the unit, or my notebook for drawing too much power. But it is obvious that something isn't working right here.
Included with the inverter is an airline adapter, which plugs directly into an airplane's (American Airline) seat power receptacle, and an automobile adapter, which plugs directly into your car's cigarette-lighter receptacle. I can go to any where with my notebook, this is a super best item, A++++++++
Included with the inverter is an airline adapter, which plugs directly into an airplane's seat power receptacle, and an automobile adapter, which plugs directly into your car's cigarette-lighter receptacle.Includes 3-prong AC outlet, airline adapter, automobile adapter, and status indicator LEDs Air/auto DC-to-AC power inverter/adapter 75 watts continuous output power capacityAutomatic shutdown prevents car-battery drainage; Built-in circuit protection guards your equipment against power spikes and surges.It is a bit large for travel, however, who could ask for anything more at such a great price?
Purchased item to power my laptop over 22 hours of air travel between Alaska and North Carolina and back. Unfortunately, none of the three different types of planes that I flew on had outlets on the seat arms so the unit stayed in my backpack. While camping over a weekend on that trip I did find the adapter handy for use with an air mattress that needed to be plugged in in order to inflate. I was however disappointed that it would not power a 4 cup coffee maker that I brought with me.I have tested the adapter with my laptop and find that it works as designed. In airplanes that actually have power points in the arms of the seats, this product would be indispensable for laptop users on long trips.
This is a complete piece if crap.  It worked for all of 5-minutes and the manufacturer would have nothing to do with a repair or replacement.
I have been using it a few times so far for charging a cordless drill battery. It is silent and runs cool. It beeps (warning) at times while the engine is not running. This probably is due to low voltage from the vehicle battery, since it won't happen when I am driving and charging. The manual says that if the input voltage is low, it will sound an alarm and when that voltage falls below the designed threshold, it will shut off the inverter for safety purpose. So far so good.FOLLOW UP: This unit is still working after one year of daily use. I used it power the chargers for my company cell phone, camera batteries and an 18-volt cordless drill while on the job. APC is a large and reputable electrical engineering company with high tech products behind its name. I highly recommend this inverter. Prior this buying UPC, I had a "Monster Power" MCPI 150. It lasted just a few day while charging my cordless drill power pack.
I bought it to use my hairdryer in germany and turkey. Couldn't use because does not work with hairdryer build after 1990.
This product did not live up to the product description as far as wattage is concerned. Don't waste your money.
these adaptors worked very well in peru, no problems.  there are many different adaptors so i look forward to using as many of the various adaptors in the variety of countries across the globe.  so far so good.
The adapter is all you need for your computer. I plugged my hair drier in the adapter, saw a big flash, and burned out  the hair drier. Previously I had plugged it into the converter and using that had no problem.
Works great for charging phones, laptops, etc.  I have used the adapter in Spain and England with no issues.
The product itself is perfectly fine. However, I had a nightmare of a time with the order. The company would not return my calls, dropped me from Customer Service queues,  when the 2cnd of two I ordered did not come...and I subsequently ordered something from another company ( not nearly as nice as this set) and then received the 2cnd item 1 day before Christmas!
The unit is simple, easy to use and small to carry.  However, we cannot understand what is the real meaning of the "high/low" switch.  We set the switch to "low" for fear of burning out the transformer.  Manufacturer can easily set it at the "high" mode.  Turtleneck.
This is one of the best universial by pass.  It was simple to install
I purchased this for my 2001 VW golf, and it did not work. I know some of the other vehicles wire directly in, but you have to put a spare key in the unit and wrap it around the ignition. It made the install seem very half-a**ed. I could have just taped the key to the ignition at that point. I will get the immobilizer delete software instead of this junk. Thumbs down from me on at least VW and Audi application.
i followed the instructions to the letter , but it only worked about 50 % of the time. i will be sending it back
Its a good item but, inserting the key transponder in to the unit is kind of frustrating. The transponder reciving antenas are very annoying.. If the car shocked suddenly when driving.. the unit will not work untill relocate the the transponder.However, this is what I did.  I placed a tape that stick both sides on the transponder reciving wires, and stick the key in the right place to the circuit bord and cloced the top cover.. so then the sticky tape that sticked on the transponder reciver wires will stick to the top cover...  Then it will not move due to shocks. Now the unit works allmost all the times.
I purchased this bare driver with a 14.4 lok-tor drill kit a couple years ago and have since been very impressed with the usefulness of this little impact.  At the time, i'd only once used a similar dewalt impact driver at a vendor meeting, so i wasn't really sure whether it was a second drill or an impact which i wanted to accompany my lok-tor kit.  With the available 3/8"-1/4" square-to-hex impact chuck, this little beast can conquer any task from roofing and deck screws to lag bolts and spindle nuts.  It wasn't long before i began to use this thing around the shop as a general replacement for socket wrenches. It makes a lot of tasks quicker and with the variable speed, it can deliver a range of torques all the way down a few gentle taps on a precariously tight or rusted machine screw.  The 9082 is unsurprisingly comfortable and durable, given the trademark Milwaukee quality and no-nonsense design.  As versatile, light and compact as these cordless impact drivers are, i really must recommend them in a general sense.That said, one really should consider what they're going to do with their driver, as 1/4" hex tools have better alignment in a driver with a 1/4" hex chuck instead of a 3/8"-1/4" hex adaptor.  Likewise, you can't transmit much impact force through the shank of a 1/4" hex-3/8" chuck adaptor.
This product is good for light duty work. It is in its sweet spot for driving lag bolts and other "high torque" fasteners. It has also proven capable of breaking loose stubborn bolts up to 1/2". It is not a substitute for a high torque impact wrench. The tool is well made and is well balanced.
The TrippLite PV2000FC is a nice beefy inverter and great for heavy duty loads like motors, drills, lighting equipment but unlike the Amazon product description, this inverter is not for light loads like computers and electronics.  Check out the TrippLite product website and there is no mention of computers and electronics for the PV2000FC.  [...]
I purchased this unit for my new truck so I didn't need to un-install the inverter from my other truck. I am running this unit off of two six volt golf cart batteries run in sequence to get 12 volts. I have the batteries charging from my main battery with a constant duty silonoid between them. I installed the remote switch for it and I love this set up. I can leave my inverter on overnight and even though it will drain the golf cart batteries, it does not affect my main truck battery. I can even run my Lincon 140 welder from this inverter. This is the best deal that you will find!
I purchased this for my work truck. A co-worker also has one on his. They work great. So far we have had no problems with them. I ran 25 feet of two gauge wiring from battery to inverter. I ran about 5 feet of two gauge for ground. Our truck's are diesels and have two batteries. My co-worker left his on the other night and it ran the batteries dead. The load adjust function seams to work, but not real good when set to the least sensitive setting.
This Inverter works very well, couple it with remote option (APSRM4) and it works even better. Tripp Lite tech staff answer any questions I may have and they are very accommodating. Their website gives you a list of Sellers and prices so I was able to get the deal I wanted through the company I wanted. I only found out about the sellers list on their website when the vendor I was buying from refused to jump through a small hoop to get an order out ( you see it was 10 minutes after noon on Friday and  he would not process the order until Monday....way to go American Van!) .  In addition my new supplier is $100 cheaper and twice as fast with a more liberal return policy. We have tried many brand s of inverters before this and so far they are the best.
I connected the inverter to 24 volt battery bank with 300 Ah@24 volt. I also connected the external power supply which is a generator.The problem now is:1. The fan of APS starts for some seconds when I switch on the APS but stops then immediatly and never starts during usage. I order to keep it running I had to install a 24 hours external cooling device :(.2. The automated switching to the generator power instead of battery is also not working.3. I tried to connect the support hotline but doesnt work so far.Back from Brasil where it is running, I will connect again the support in order to get idea what is wrong with the thing.My problem: the device is already in jungle and I cant bring it back for concertation :(.
Great item. I am using this to switch between solar power and power company lines.  It acts as power backup and solar power conveter,  I put diode between the DC input and batter, so that battery is not charged by this unit, but charged by solar MPPT charge controller.  Then in the AC input, I put a relay to turn off AC only after battery fully charged, it will then start using solar power to supply AC. When my golf cart battery is 50% discharged, I turn relay on, so that this inverter switch to supply appliances with line AC, no longer using battery.
I just purchased the APS2424 after a fantastic phone call with their technical support team.I had been considering installing this unit in our Wood-Fired Pizza Truck (BasicKneadsPizza.com).  We had purchased a nice generator, but after installing one on another truck, I wasn't blown away, even the quiestest Honda 3000 still stinks like a traffic jam.James from Tripp-Lite's technical support line picked up quickly and gave me a free refresher course on physics; 36v input means 3 batteries in series, 24v=2 batteries. To double the capacity, a second bank in parallel would cost ~1/3 less with the 24v APS2424.Not to mention the Auto-Transfer switch, and load sensor, this unit is basically going to be my prep table's personal assistant.Our truck is going to rock this unit and two batteries in series.  I am going to return an $80 transfer switch, sell a Parallax converter/charger for $100 and a Honda Eu3000is for $1200.Generator system= ~$1600, noisy, stinky, needs gas and oil changes, huge amount of work to install.Inverter system= ~$850, silent, maintenence free.Sold.
I'm on my second unit in 10 years. The first one lasted 6 years with little use. The capacitors blew out for some reason on the first unit and I replaced the fan once. The new unit doesn't have the fan continuously on so it's silent operation is a plus! The only time the fan starts is upon a power cycle. Otherwise, it has never turned on. It doesn't even turn on when I'm exercising my batteries?? I think it works off of temperature. I have two US Battery 215ah batteries connected in series. Enough power to supply a 1/2 HP Sewage Line pump for about 8 hours or more with a 30% duty cycle. It's kind of a complex basement flood control system but without power in a pouring rain situation, my basement could flood from a powerless pump. This unit gives me piece of mind with it's automatic switch over to batteries. In the last 13 years, my power has not gone out during a rain storm. There's always a first time!! I test the system about once a month via a shutdown of the main circuit feed to the unit. I have a outlet bank installed next to the unit to test the 120vac supply from the inverter. I usually plug in my washing machine and let it run through a cycle. I monitor the batteries never letting them go down below 12.3-12.4 volts. It's enough for testing the system. Overall I'm happy with the new feature of the chassis fan. It doesn't introduce dust and burn out the fan prematurely. You also don't need to listen to the hum of the fan always running. I don't feel it gets hot anyway so it's not needed on a standby situation. I haven't tried to plug in a PC but it seems to power my CCTV DVR and internet router/ network switch on battery power without any issues. The furnace also works fine. It's not a pure sine wave inverter. Some equipment is sensitive to that. You're going to need proper fusing and cables for the battery hookup. Don't mess around with this if you don't know what you're doing. Consult someone who knows. I'm very happy with this inverter and it's a local company here in Chicago.  I trust the product will provide me service for many years to come.
Now possible to run most household appliances on solar with this inverter.  Washed two loads in front loader washer yesterday!
Seems to be very heavy duty.  It's a hard wired unit ( no receptacles built in) . It isn't laboring at all to run a freezer and side by side 25 cubic foot refrigerator.  So far so good.
I just bought this to replace a POS made by Power bright.  This thing is three times the size, yet the same power output.  It make a humming noise when on.  But thats all I can say so far as the bad.  The great part, it is built like a tank...made to last.  It works great.  I run my barn lights, my well pump, and some times a fan.  All work well with this unit.
Nice unit but wiring compartment could have been a little bigger to allow for better ease of making wiring connections in "in & out" 120 volt area.
Very good inverter. Built tough with simple hookup. This was our backup for a pure sine Cotek inverter.The Cotek went up in smoke and this is currently my main inverter and it is doing a great job at powering my home off grid.The APS2424 makes a slight hum while under load and the fan only switches on for short runs to cool.I will get another pure sine inverter but I will always keep this one in service.Personally I highly recommend the APS2424 to anyone needing a dependable inverter or a modifiable ups system.Another thing that impressed me, I had a technical question and it was no problem speaking with a qualified friendly support person.Great device~!
I used it to create back-up for my basement sump pumps (3 pumps with 30Amps total power). Connected with 3 110 Ah Farm and fleet deep cycle batteries. Works perfectly and able to handle full load for significant amount of time. Consider connecting basement freezers and refrigerators to it as well and probably servers. Why to pay for useless 12 V backup pumps (they handle max 2000gal/h each), when you can connect your regular pumps through this charger/converter.
I installed 2 of this beautiful machines on my home and i'm very satisfied in power outage may works for more than 24 hours if i use only lights, surely you need more batteries for make it work for that amount of time i have 9 batteries of 80 amps for each inverter and works smoothly, i highly recommend this product since it protect all things of low voltage andd over voltage, i have mines since 2 years and never fails, only bad thing is that some appliance articles like satellite receivers, motion detection lamps and some desktop pc sometimes turns off because the 20ms transfer time is not enough for this devices, but 98% of my devices connected works like a charm. and the remote control let you see how the battery is draining, usually i see my lcd tv for 3 hours before battery gets the 70% of 100%, and the tv is connected with satellite receiver,dvd,sound system, and lights of home, so i think this is a very useful inverter for any appliances on home.even i'm able to use microwave oven since it supports 3,600 watts continous, so it mean 6 KVA. hardwire is relly required for batteries specially.
Unit was as I expected it to be easy instalation easy to use no problems with seller or unit I am a happy locksmith
This is the 2nd inverter(returned 1st one for same reason).  Supposed to put out 110 to 120 volts but output is only 90 volts with 13 volt imput and no load.  This time I ordered a Xantrex pure sine wave inverter.
I have used or been familiar with Tripp-Lite products for many years, from revolving emergency lights to surge-suppressing power strips to this fine product and others. I have never once been disappointed. I have not yet exercised it to its maximum capacity but would recommend it for anyone.P.S. I saw a post somewhere in which a gentleman referred to the output voltage being low. As a point of information, the voltage reading will not always indicate like typical line voltage because of the pseudo-sine wave output and depending on the meter that is used (digital dual-slope integration vs analog vs cheap vs technical level of experience) to acquire the reading.
To be fair, I am not an electrician. I am a programmer. But after studying different small-scale solar installations, I decided to go with this inverter because it came recommended by Mother Earth News.After hooking everything up per instructions, I can successfully turn the lights on, then the radio, then a battery charger for my cordless drill.But, if I try to start my radio, then turn the lights on, the on-board breaker pops on this inverter. It is really getting annoying.I am also only getting 89VAC out and no load. It's like this thing can't handle any kind of load.I'm sending this back.
Whether you need a backup power supply for a telephone switch, or are building an off grid solar power system the APS 2448 is a lot of product for the money.Most importantly:  It does what it says.  Produces power from 48v of lead acid and charges them when you give it power.  Smoothly.Cons:  The controls and dip switches are small.  so are the display LEDs.  The mounting forks are plastic, and you have to mount it horizontally (like its pictured), and not upright on its side.
The inverter was as advertised and met our needs and expectations. It carries the load and maintains a reasonable frequency stability based on our observations of our monitoring equipment.
This is the third one of these I have had. They are a good unit, but the battery charger is real weak if the unit get used more than occasionally.
I've had one of these inverters for at least 4 years, and am now buying another.  I use it fairly hard, for a mobile power source for construction mainly.  My first one is in for repair, as the extremely dusty location it was in finely took its toll.  It worked great for power tools, except for my compressor which it wouldn't run properly (it would turn over, but really slowly).  It does make a bit of noise on stereo's, as it is not a "true sine" inverter, so I wouldn't get this to run delicate electronics.  The tiny on off switch and dip switches would be the main drawbacks to this inverter, in my eyes.  Its a good product for its price range. (currently ~$650, it cost me ~$900 4+ years ago...)
I really like the part that you can adjust the sensitivity so the inverter only comes on when the refrigerator wants to start and doesn't have to be on all the time.  Really saves on batteries.  I bought mine to keep the furnace, refrigerator and freezers working during the power outages and so far it has worked very well for over a year.  It is very easy to connect up and has been the best back up power inverter I have had to keep the appliances running.  Being modified sine wave though, it doesn't work well on devices with CPU's and such like some phones, clock radios, cable boxes and DVD players so I have a nice small pure sine wave unit for them.
The Tripp Lite Inverter/Charger unit is perfect for our All-Electric farm tractor as it increases the usability of the tractor substantially. The inverter is used year around cutting tree limbs, splitting logs, running water pumps and powering electric tools anywhere on the farm . We even use it to power a workshop running tools up to 3HP.Thanks to Amazon for your excellent service and good price.Mini Farming: Self-Sufficiency on 1/4 Acre
I purchased the Tripp Lite APS2448UL as a heavy duty computer battery backup. Shortly after I made all the connections, I heard a small pop and saw a puff of smoke come up from the unit but saw no change in the operation of the unit. Of course I immediately call the Tripp Lite customer service department and told them what happened. The person on the phone was intent on trying to figure out the problem. They had me do a series of tests and when everything checked out ok, he gave me a incident number and told me to call if anything else happened. About 15 days later the unit stopped working and all my batteries were drained.  I called back and they promptly send me a new unit.  Had me return the old one to them in the box that the new one came in. They sent a pre-paid shipping label. This time, there was no popping sound but the unit again died in a few days and my batteries were drained. After spending a long time on the phone, trying to figure out what was going wrong, we finally discovered that the 2 sets of dip switches read from right to left instead of left to right. In other words, Block A is on the right and Block B is on the left. Also the dip switches themselves read from right to left. Switch 1 is on the far right and switch 4 is on the far left.  After charging my batteries up with a separate charger and re-setting my dip switches, everything is working great now.  I am convinced that the first unit that I had was ok, just had the switches set backwards. I don't know about the popping and smoke. My complaint is that the instruction manual should have been clear on the reverse order of the switches. On the other hand, the response from Tripp Lite tech support was top-notch.
Purchased as replacements for the original inverter supplied with the Thermo-King TriPac APU. Can not afford the Thermo-King units so we purchase these... just as good at less than half the price!!
Top of the line Power Inverter. If you want a quality power inverter and price is not an issue this is the power inverter for you. There are many brand power inverters out there, but from years of experience; you get what you pay for.  Spend the extra money for quality.
A quality item. Connections from dc battery to the inverter are the only weak link. You need heavy cables for best results.
I haven't had a chance to use this much, as I bought it as a backup for a power outage.  I tested it using modified jumper cables and hooked up my sump pump.  It worked as anticipated, so I am happy at this point.  It was reasonably priced and shipped quickly (in time for an anticipated storm).
I had this inverter installed in my cargo van and just after a year it started giving me problems.  I use it to mainly run an 800 watt microwave, laptop, and GPS.  The inverter worked well then began to experience power loss.  The unit remains on, but does does not give any continuous power output.  Sometimes, the power output cycles on and off while still showing it is on at the switch. It is connected to a seperate high output battery of very good quality. I use it frequently, about 9 months out of the year.  After 2 years now, I am still having problems with it. It is becoming frustrating not knowing if it will work or not.  I haven't figured out any reason for it to act up.  I am now looking for a new inverter.  Maybe I just got a lemon. I expected more from a respectable name such as Tripp Lite.
The fan is pretty quiet under normal use, but when charging the batteries it kicks to high and makes alot of noise.  I use mine to supply a TV, and the noise is rather distracting.  This is compounded by some loss when it is unplugged.  When turned off with no AC input but batteries connected, the batteries drain rather quickly to 60-80% (according to the LEDs).  If I unplug the APS at night, then plug it back in the next day after work my batteries have dropped and must charge for some time with the loud fan running.  When operating off battery it drains at roughly the expected rate for battery and load.I edited this review to reflect a more positive view of the product.  I thought it would completely drain the batteries when unplugged, but after more than 10 days unplugged and powered off it stays at the 60-80% indication and charged for no longer than when I left it unplugged for only a day.  Star rating unchanged since I was about a 3.5 before and now give it a solid 4.
I don't know whose job it is to post specs of these devices but this product was clearly declared as an International Version for 230VAC operation. I ordered one and had ahipped halfway around the world only to find out that it was hardwired for 50Hz operation only, and clearly incompatible with our 60Hz supply.I wrote TrippIte to clarify and they did declare that they designed it for the more popular implementation of 230VAC/50Hz rather than for both 50 and 60Hz.Fortunately, Amazon allowed the item to be returned even beyond the 30-day return period with a full refund after listening to my explanation.I give both Amazon and TrippLite for handling the situation well, I give 1 star to whoever wrote the specs for the product page.
No complaint so far. Easy to use. Though a bit bulky from my previous inverter. Hopefully the item will last a long time just like my other Belkin products. Item is a bit pricey.
I purchased this to use with my laptop when we travel. I have a Dell Vostro 1500. It worked great on our first trip with it. As I researched these, I saw reviews that complained of fan noise, or mentioned that the power supply would get hot. I never heard the fan over the truck noise, and the power supply barely got warm - not until near the end of our 3 hour drive and pretty much steady use for that 3 hours. Even then, it only got warm, not hot. This is a great little helper for your mobile office.
This is a product everyone can use, with the days of the cell phone, and laptop and everything else we use, you can charge the item while driving down the road
I have the same problem as S. Taggart. It worked great until my wife used her hair dryer and since then it beeps, the overload light blinks and it will not work. The 20amp external fuse did not blow. I have pulled & replace the fuse several times to no avail. Guess it is just junk now. I do not recommend this Belkin AC Anywhere 140w Inverter.
Purchased locally (not Amazon).  Occasional use for the last 9 months and it has been perfect.  Things like (occasionally power goes out at home, in addition to mobile applications, hence the router was powered using a portable 12V source):-13" MacBook Pro-HP printer-Router/modem-Cell Phone chargersCannot vouch for the output AC wave characteristics/shape, but the AC voltage has been a rock solid 115VAC with a 140W load on it.  Originally purchased another brand, but it did not work for more than a couple of minutes before shutting off (sorry, do not remember that brand).If you are buying an inverter locally, you may want to consider taking whatever you are intending to power with you - so you can test it in the parking lot after you big it - in case it does not work for you (saves a trip back and forth to the store to return it).
Just bought this inverter for a trip down to see the parents in Florida and it worked as promised. Never got hot and the fan can't be heard when driving down the highway.My husband and son took the road trip this time.  My 13 year old son plugged in his Acer laptop to it so he could watch his movies, surf the net (via wifi hotspot from my mobile phone), and play games during their 6 hour non-stop drive.Before, his laptop's battery would die after about an hour and a half and then dad and son could talk about life, which involves sports, girls, and food.Now, there is dead silence from the backseat with our new Belkin power supply!  We love it but might have to hide it until a few hours into our next road trip.
I had recently purchased a Sony Vaio laptop that was heavily discounted.  After I bought the laptop, I started looking for an A/C adapter for it so I could use it in mu SUV as a DVD player for the kids.  Unfortunately, Sony did not manufacture an A/C adapter that was compatible with my laptop, and I could not find a 3rd party adapter.  I purchased the Belkin F5C400 and used the laptop on a recent trip to Fla. with the kids.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for A/C power in their car (assuming their device draws 140 watts or less).
I have had two different models of the Belkin PcAnywhere inverters over the last 5 years.  Both have failed and they are not reparable. One unit had an external fuse the was not blown.  That unit always showed "overload" with nothing plugged in.  The other unit (with no fuse (inline or otherwise)) simply gave up and would not even power on. I would recommend staying away from these units.  I have a ProStat 250 that is still working great.
Love this power supply! It's compact, light and very easy to use. It has been a life saver (job-saver?) for road trips that have gone a little long. The compact size and relatively long cord make it easy to place nearly anywhere in the car without taking up valuable foot space or cargo room.
How can they even sell this?! It's horrible! 40-50 ft pounds of torque, tops. Junk. Dangerous to have such a poor tool.
I bought this from Home Depot and it has to be the worst tool I have ever bought.  First tried it on my lug nuts, not even close.  Then tried it on my lower strut bolt when I was removing them - nope.  It wouldn't even tighten my Strut Spring Compressor, and they were loose!  I can almost stop this with my hand!  I'm looking at the cordless dewalt DW059K-2 18 volt, but think they will come out with the 20 volt soon?  Otherwise looking at the Ingersoll-Rand 232TGSL Thunder Gun.
Thankfully I didn't waste any of my money on this piece of junk. We have this impact wrench at work and I wouldn't take it for free, let alone spend any money on it. It would be a waste of space in a toolbox. At work, we have an adjustable ramp. You can rotate the shaft of the ramp's mechanism by hand, but this impact wrench won't spin it. Using a torque wrench on its lowest setting (10 ft-lb) with the same ramp mechanism, it didn't even trip the torque wrench's click stop. Absolutely worthless, unless you've already broken the bolt free and just don't want to spin the bolt the rest of the way by hand. If I could give this zero stars, I totally would.
I have used this, but not to break glass.Surprisingly, it has many other uses.I recommend it.
This is a useful product fro travel in the car and the airplane. Please note that it will not work with two laptops attached to the sockets. i guess they suck too much power.
I got this for road trips, I had a old 1 socket 85 watt inverter that was not able to power my laptop during trips.  This can present a problem because I like to use my laptop on long trips as a GPS.  This can easily handle my 17in laptop which sucks power like its going out of style.  The noise is something I was worried about, but after using it, its really not loud at all.  At freeway speeds you will never hear it unless you decide to hold it in your lap for some unknown reason.  With just minimal sound on the radio you won't ever hear it.  For the amount of power it puts out, the noise is excellent.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good powerful inverter.  The power switch is a plus and so is the cord length.
We needed some extra outlets in the car on a recent car trip to Florida. The trip there took 2 days so we needed a way to plug our 2 computers in since their internal batteries now only last about 30 minutes each. Does what it says and does it without getting hot. Also, I've seen reviews that said this unit makes a loud noise and did not experience that at all. Anyway, this product worked perfectly and I would definitely recommend! Way to go Belkin!
found this two outlet 300watt invertor a necessary tool for any trip run my laptop when wife is driving. my older grandkids do games or facebook. eliminating the Question "are we there yet"  some complained about noise i found only a slight air flow sound not to be any problem plus the air flow keeps the unit nice and cool. power of this unit is much greater than my old one (another brand) this belkin unit does not stall or blink when small dvd player is used. i would recommend this to anyone.
The fan in our unit whirred fairly loudly to begin with, but also buzzed and rattled so loudly that you had to constantly tap it, shift its position, etc., to stop the buzzing.I gave up eventually, and bought a different unit from a local Radio Shack, halfway through our road trip. This unit did have a quietly whirring fan which could be drowned out by the radio, iPod, etc., and I can live with that.
vibrates and hums a bit, but isn't obnoxious.  Powers my MacBook Pro4 with no problems whatsoever. We intend to ocassionally use it with 2 laptops, but haven't tested that yet.Make sure you realize it has an on and off switch for the power. Our old one didn't have an off switch, and it took me a good 15 minutes of stupidity to figure out why it wasn't working.feels and looks sturdy and solid.
We bought this item so that we could use our laptop in the car and also to be able to plug in more items in our RV.  I like that it has two outlets.Some people have said it was "loud" but I didn't understand that at all.  Yes, there is a quiet "whirring" sound from the fan, but if you're driving down a highway or have the radio on low, you'd never hear the fan.I think it was a good purchase.  Worth the money and I'd recommend it to a friend.
Excellent product, works silent, very powerful, long cable that allows to put in different places on the car, I really enjoy.
Having two outlets is very nice. In this age of USB equipment, it would have been nice to have that option. A little noisy, but not noticeable if you are playing a movie.
I think this is an update to my review.  This was bought for a trip.  We had a laptop, dvd player, my husbands CPAP machine and two cell phone chargers on the trip.  Most of the time we had at least two of these plugged in at the same time, we even used an extension cord to use more at times.  No problems with the inverter, keeps up with demand wonderfully.  It was quiet, you couldn't hear it running when the whole van was quiet.  It doesn't take up much space.  I would definitly recommend this inverter.
All I needed ... good price what more could i ask ? 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
I bought this inverter to run the chargers for my RC hobby chargers for my boats, helicopters and gliders while on the road.  This inverter emits a little noise from it's fan but it's nothing you can't get used to.  The benefits are very useful as it will power my lap top and even run some lights at camp.Highly recommended for your low wattage electrical needs.
This works reliably, every time.  I have one in both mine and my wife's car.  This is great for recharging battery operated devices like cell phones and computers.
I purchased the Belkin AC power converter for my cross country trip from california to virginia.  I am half way done with the trip and the power converter has worked extremely well.  I am able to work on my laptop while my wife drives and the kids watch their portable dvd player in the back.  This was a great purchase and I am also able to save by not having to purchase separate car chargers for my cell phones, they just plug into the power converter.
This has 2 plug in's and fits snugly between the seat and the console on my 2003 Toyota sienna and works very well, it replaced a $12 model , A different brand i had used for about a year before it burned out.This one seems to be built very well and Hopefully by spending more this time around will pay off in the long run. If it will last a few year's I will buy another one.
The inverter works great as advertized.  I don't leave home without it!  A great purchase and value for anyone who needs ac away from any near-by outlets.
great product; beats buying a new car charger for your cell phone every time you buy a new phone
Product does exactly what is expected and small enough to fit in smaller places. The only drawback which really isn't that critical is the amount of noise it makes during operation. But, it is a good piece of equipment which allows for a number of other devices to plug into.
We use it for a business vehicle the unit worked fine but running one from 9-5 5 days a week in a dirty environment that's better than average.
Let me start off by saying I've had this inverter for two months now and it has performed beautifully.  The previous inverter I had use to get extremely hot when I used it for long periods of time.  It finally melted one day in the car outlet.  This inverter is being used primarily with a gaming laptop, for long periods of time five hours or more.  It does not get hot at all and gives me all the power I need.  Overall I'm extremely pleased with my purchase and highly recommend it.
I bought this because I'm a iOS user. Most other phone/ devices will be fine with a standard car charger. But, anyone that uses iOS devices might notice that Apple accessories (charging cables specifically) don't alway work &#8212; even official cables from apple. For example, an old iPod touch's 30 pin charging cable will not charge an old iPod and some inexpensive third party cables can be hit and miss. i've bout some that work for a while and then i get a &#34;Not compatible&#34; message and it becomes useless.With this Inverter I don't have to worry about buying a car charger for one device and have to worrying about it being compatible with another iOS device or an updated purchase. this Inverter will always work (as long as it doesnt break) with ANY device and the cables it comes with.
Reliable and workmanship &#34;quality&#34; are good. Its a little bit loud but not bad compared to others. I took me awhile to write this so I am guessing newer models are out by now.
great product. It is kind of noisy, but can't be heard if you have music playing in the car. worked perfect for my laptop on a 12 hour car ride.
I bought this inverter when my husband and I took a driving trip from NYC to Phoenix, and I realised I needed outlets for my computer, my mi-fi and my phone charger.  I love it!  Belkin makes great products, and this worked exactly as advertised.  It's compact, and although some previous reviews complained about the noise, I didn't find it objectionable at all.  I think cars should come equipped with something like this built into the automobile because it's tremendously useful.  Great price for a great product.
I got this unit to provide power to several devices while on the road.  Unfortunately it has blown fuses in ever vehicle (at least the 3 I've tried).  It's the fuses in the car, not on the unit itself.  So a box of fuses later, I have yet to be able to get it work.
This unit is perfect for what I wanted, and product was fairly rated in reviews I read prior to purchase.
the products works excellent, is not noisy and is grate to charge laptops, etc. Also convenient for cell phones and games. Is a great tools when you travel with family long trips. No hot at all.
Perfect for our road trip cross country.  Was not loud at all and saved us from not having games..kindle and dvd player.  Great product!
The product worked very well on our recent trip to Los Angeles.  It was quiet and it was very convenient to have two outlets.
Item was in perfect condition. Item allows strong connection. It is limited due to capacity, but that was expected.
Does what it is intended, seems to made well and has protection so there are no worries on hurting the vehichle.
I bought this as a way to power a laptop and a small AC cooler (the $50 ones for college dorms). It works excellent and rarely heats up. On trips with 3 or 4 people in the car, this has no problem running a laptop or two and charging 3 cell phones ... with the help of a power strip, of course.The plug broke after two years of use. Not sure what happened,  but I have to force it into the outlet on a few different vehicles. Should be an easy fix, though.If you're handy with small electronics, I'd recommend getting a new fan and replacing the supplied fan or keeping it as a spare. The fan included with this wears out pretty quickly and will grind until warm. Usually, I have to run the inverter with no load for a minute, then turn it off, then run it for another minute, then turn it off and back on to get the fan to stay quiet. More of an annoyance than anything, but I don't want to run it with the fan grinding and ruin the fan.
Ok so there is a fan that you can hear, but come on its not that loud. Play some music, play a game, or ignore it. You dont even notice it after 30 seconds.It works.would you rather have it overheat and explode on you or ruin your electronics or have a power source when you need it?You decide.
I have a laptop and a printer hooked to this inverter in my truck for writing invoices on the go.
When I go on road trips, I make sure to take this with me. It's a little big, but it's still handy. I'm not sure where to put it in my car though. I want to to be able to vent itself, so I don't want to put it into my glove box. but it's annoying to ask my passenger to have them hold it the entire trip. Maybe I'll get some velcro and have it stick to the dash. Bottom line, it's a great product (when you can get it on sale like I did)((twenty bucks)).
I bought it to use for my flat iron on the go. As soon as the iron starts heating up the warning light starts flashing and alert buzz. It was a waste of money.
Just plug this into one of your vehicle plug ins and your ready to charge your more powerful computers while on the go.Have used now five of six times and have had no issues.
Works well. Charges my laptop on the go, lets me use an electric cooler, and an electric blanket. Kind of loud though and the outlets might be to close for some items.
I've been using this power adapter for a week and now the fan is rattling real loud. I don't know how much longer this plastic crap is gonna last. It's keeping my laptop charged for now, but for how long?
This is a really wonderful product.  I take a lot of road trips and use this all of the time.  I can charge multiple items that use the 2 outlets on this product.
I made the mistake of buying another product without enough wattage to power a laptop plus anything else.  Bad move - I had to replace that device twice before I figured out it would have been just a better idea to buy a bigger hammer from the start.  So this product is the hammer.  It has plenty of power, an easy to access on/off switch and two outlets that are far enough apart so that any two devices can be connected to it.  As far as noise there is a low whirring sound (which, to me, is to be expected), but once the car is on the road I didn't even notice.  Great product - definitely worth a few extra dollars to get something that can handle the electrical load placed on it.
My wife and I occasionally drive long distances and I began to realize that being able to charge things like cell phones, camera batteries and our computer between destinations as we drive would be helpful and save some time once we got to our next destination. We first used it on a camping trip where we didn't have access to electricity. It proved itself to be very helpful, indeed. We were able to charge anything that needed it.
Quieter than some other inverters I have used in the past.  Works great, would highly recommend this for use of laptop charging in the car.
After that experience, I replaced the fuses in the auto for the power outlets and tried it again, but now unit was dead.The only item plugged in was a DELL Laptop Computer.I have not had time to pursue returning it as defective, but need to do so.
This power inverter is very useful for the day to day recharging of electronic devices that I keep in my car.  I have purchased several of these over time.  I even bought one for my brother-in-law.  I like it because it has 2 outlets; one for each passenger.
it did what I wanted it to do it was quiet  it didnt brake my family liked using it .
This is the second unit we own. Love it needed a second for the other car. Great if you have kids with multiple devices on long car trips.
I purchased the Belkin F5C400-300W 2 Outlet Dc/Ac Inverter for use with my laptop when traveling over a year ago and it has performed wonderfully. I love that it has two outlets because now I can charge yet another electronic device while on the go. I have a lot of them and it's really hard to keep track of what needs to be charged before a long trip. I do not think it was loud at all. I'm happy with this purchase and I would definitely recommend it.
My wife uses this to plug into her nebulizer.  She has a battery operated one, but the battery doesn't last that long.  This is in the car permanently, in case of emergencies.  It does make a noise when you first turn it on, which can be disconcerting.
I love my inverter!  This has become a very handy device.  I lose my car-charging cords frequently...This is a fantastic alternative for my operational and charging needs.  300w supplies me with suffienct juice to power up all my electronics.
Bought Belkin F5C400-300W 2 Outlet Dc/Ac Inverter and it was the best buy.  I have used it on road trips for my kids computers, hand held games, my Curling iron (no I wasn't driving)but was great when I was running out of time and needed to do my hair on the way), a crock pot for potlucks (we wanted to keep the food hot on the way to the party), Cell Phone charging (my son does not have a car charger), etc. The thing as you can tell has come in handy for many things as you can see.  It has been such a great item I am purchasing another for my Mom.  There are some reviews that say it is noisy but I am not sure which one they are referring to. The one I have listed above is very quiet. It is hard to hear the slight hum of the fan which keeps it cool. I have had it on with no radio on and you can hardly hear it. It is a wonderful inexpensive product, a great gift for the person hard to buy for. I am quite certain they will love it.Belkin F5C400-300W 2 Outlet Dc/Ac InverterBelkin F5C400-300W 2 Outlet Dc/Ac Inverter
Had this unit for 6+ months and still working like new, and its quiet.I have had alot of other brands fail on me within 30 days
This is a very powerful unit the longer cord allows it to be put in a convenient place in the vehicle.  We use it all the time on trips.
I've had this for over a year now. I've used this several times already with no problems at all. I was lucky enough to get it very cheap at the time. Something like $17. The noise that people complain about and which I was concerned about is not a problem and is not that very loud. There's been times I had it running when I was laying down in the back of my van with no other noise except that little humming sound. And I am a staunch advocate against noise pollution. So I would be the first to complain if it was too loud. Also like the 2 outlets.
Worked great for me on a recent trip to Florida. Only used one of the two outlets to recharge my laptop computer battery. Fast and efficient recharge--way cheaper than buying an extra battery and performed flawlessly. Some reviewers thought it was loud, but I could barely hear any noise at all, just a very low fan noise, which is necessary to cool the inverter. Excellent supplier through Amazon--received fast and in perfect condition. Product does everything it's supposed to.
If you have Avaya phones with a headset jack and want to eliminate the amplifier box.  This is the only cable that will work.
The wires were color coded and labeled nicely.  It was easy to install and worked great.  I need four more words.
This did what it is supposed to do.  Used it to adapt my 1993 Nissan Altima to a new Pioneer CD player.  Works fine.
The rotational axis is too loose and can't be adjusted. The cell with the mount can fall easily with any small jerks. I had to fix this joint permanently to be able to use this. Now it works fine!
Holds items great. Ipods need to be raised up abit to accomodate power/radio hook up.
While the vent mount attached firmly, I did not think the resulting placement of the holder would be convenient for my older iPod Nano, so I removed the mount from the holder and attached the holder to the lower portion of my center console with double-sided picture frame or mirror adhesives (the kind you can buy at any office supply store for a couple dollars).  Now, the holder is conveniently placed and I have saved the mount for possible future use.  Also, as a previous reviewer stated, by sliding your iPod up an inch or two, you can plug in both the dock connector and the headphone mini-jack while the iPod remains snug in the holder.  In the end, a very good product if you use a little creativity.FYI - If you decide to move or remove the vent mount once it has been installed, this will prove very difficult unless you use a knife or screwdriver to gently lift the back catch over the back side of the vent cover where it anchors as you pull the mount out.  Simply pulling and lifting will not work, as the mount is well designed to stay put once installed.
I got this for my N95 8GB on my Ford Taurus. It's easy to put on and the phone just stays sturdily on it. Amazingly, I can easily take it off from the vent (not as hard as others described). The bottom feet is adjustable, enabling me to avoid the charging hole. In all, it's a smart design and won't let you down!
I have purchased several other Arkon items and I have been pleased. This cup holder mounting kit works as promised but it is a little flimsey. The quality is what you expect for the price so I wasn't dissapointed. I have used this every day for the last 3 months and it still holds my Cingular 8125 securely.
I have used this product for a few weeks now and it already is starting to creep out of the cup holder and fall out periodically.  The principle it is using to stay in the cup holder is sound, the problem is that they are using cheap plastic screw shafts with a plastic thumb wheel where they should just use metal parts.Still that said, it is the best thing I have found so far.  It is better than the method that screws into the cigarette lighter by the same company.  That worked for awhile but the torque on the lighter housing eventually broke it loose and left it spinning in the dash.  This meant the stand would flip when every I hit a curve.There needs to be better products out there for this.Brian
I bought this to use in my Honda CR-V in the pullout cup holder to hold my Nokia 5800 cell phone.  It works very well for me.  The holder has adjustable sides to make it fit any cup holder and the phone holder part is also adjustable so your phone is held snugly in place until you press the release.  One thing I don't like about it is that if you don't adjust the holder to make the phone face you before fixing it in place you have to readjust the whole thing again, another dislike is that you can't adjust the height (it's fixed).  Other than that I would recommend it.
Bought this about 1 1/2 yrs ago to install power keyless entry on a Subaru Loyale. It still works like a charm! Id reccomend measuring out the dimensions for your onstall first because i had to cut away some of the door panel to make this fit, but still worth it. Great product! Reliable!
They lasted about 2 weeks  before they burnt up sorry I bought and wasted time installing them don't buy them
Came complete with everything needed. Easy to install. Really no instructions needed for most people attempting to install this item
My dodge truck had the electric lock break which would have cost a minimum of $85 for the part.  I got this lock actuator for far less and spliced it in.  Worked as good as new!
These actuators work very well but all actuators of this type (rack and electric motor type of actuation) are somewhat large and difficult to find space for inside a door.  I could not use them for the size reason.  I would never buy such an item again without having their overall dimensions first.  Amazon should list the dimensions!!!
I bought this in for use with the 4 door kit by "Crime Stopper," to actuate the 5th door lock. The 4 door kit has the "brain" (relays) necessary.  When I received the 4 door kit it was actually made by a third party manufacturer "Tesco" (or something, I threw away the box) not "crime stopper."  This is identical to the 2 wire actuators (for rear doors, with no internal switch) in the 4 door kit and works seamlessly.The plastic injection molding is a little rough compared to the DEI 524-n model, but doesn't affect performance.  Installation can be tricky for a novice, I would advise you to have a lot of time, patience, and moderate mechanical inclination to install this. If you installed these every day for work you could probably do it in relatively quickly but if you have never done this before dedicate a lot of time for this stuff because you need to determine how to mount this inside the door, and may come across some problems. (For example the tolerances are pretty tight between the window roll up mechanism and other components inside the door.  I would advise you to research how other people have done this.)A lot of the time of install is bending the actuator rod to travel parallel to the lock rod. I found this to be somewhat difficult as it is some trial and error and angle bending, sometimes on multiple planes.  You basically install, test, disassemble, adjust, reinstall, repeat.  This can be difficult working in the confines of the door.If this lasts 2 years I would be happy for the price of less than $10 but would be more frustrated with having to take the door apart again.The travel, "throw" of the actuator is about 7/8 of an inch, more than enough for my toyota, and the unit has plenty of power to push the rod. The "clamp" that connects the door rod to the actuator rod seemed a little cheesy, a small piece of cast metal with three screws to mate the two together.  I used a lot of lock tite on those parts for prevention. I don't really have faith in the system but its working so far. On the front doors and 5th door of my rav4 I was able to mount these where I believe the factory ones are mounted, in holes about 1/4 inch square.  After the fact I found little square plastic anchors at Lowes that seem like the would have worked well for mounting the metal bracket (better than the clip system supplied.)The true test is if this lasts as long as my car, as I believe there is no manufacturer's warranty.
have bought 2 other inverters 400 w 425 wthis will run my sump pumpseems like i finaly got the one i neededhave to say for the price it was way better than other 2 so win win for me
i got this for a solar project for my house and it been working pretty well for powering 1-2 item for it.  It wont be strong enough when i get more batteries and put more items that need more power, for now it works as needed.  I will upgrade it when i expand my solar power unit.
I am a 18 Wheel Truck Driver. I bought the inverter at a truck stop to mainly run my 700 watt Sunbeam Micro Wave. I was happy for the 1st few uses. Now I know that this is some junk that was not worth my hard earned money. The inverter will run my tv, lap top and recharge phones or my Kindle. Its great for little stuff, nothing more. I can't run my micro wave without unplugging my tv or laptop, even if they are turned off. I have to also turn off my a/c in the truck just to be able to run my micro wave and, and I have to turn off and on again the inverter 5-10 times before I can get the inverter to work right.And if the my truck is not in high idle 10,000 rpm's, my food would never get cooked. When hooking up the wires, don't use a fuse system because you will keep blowing them and wasting your money. I installed an inline circuit breaker and the circuit breaker works Great. I just wish the Sima 1500 Watt inverter would. The vibrations from the truck causes the red or hot wire to spin backwards and get loose. I am so disappointed with the Sima 100 watt power inverter that I am in the market looking for a better working power inverter. For these reasons I am giving this product a 2 star rating. I may have bought a bad one in the batch, but I will never buy another Sima again to find out.
este inversor ha sido una gran dicha para mi y mi familia en my pueblo se va mucho la energia electrica y solo lo conecto a mi carro y enseguida soluciono el problema de la energia lo recomiendo,  es silencioso no como las plantas ruidosas lo recomiendo como un aparato necesario en cualquier hogar, muy bueno
I like this product because is working good I am truck driver and is the best for mi I recomen
These are really handy.  I keep one in my glove box and one in my teardrop trailer when camping to do various charging duties.  I rarely can keep the 12 volt charger on my phones, and this works for my iPad as well. It does a fine job. I have a triple adapter so I can do more than one thing at a time. It's only 150 watts but is small in size so it's there when you need it. But it's currently not available.  It should be.
I've owned 2 of these and powered netbooks. Asus 10". They work great no fan and silent. 150 watt xantex stat power..
Most products have a power rating on them such as 45 watts. Others may be marked with their current draw such as .9 amps. To convert the current to watts multiply the current by 115. Example: 9 amps x 115 = 104 watts. The smaller power inverter may not operate some appliances disigned to produce heat such as hair dryers, heaters, toasters and coffee makers. Always check the power rating before using these kinds of products to be sure they do not exceed the power capability of the inverter
Generates horrible screaming engine noise. Not recommended for audio applications such as portable cassette players.
I purchased this Makita to replace an older model that was gifted to me by my father in law. I spent almost a year trying to make do with an air gun but eventually found it too messy and running the compressor was too bothersome to remove a few lugnuts. The first thing I noticed about this gun is its compact size. It's small and lightweight and has good balance, it has a nice grip and feels just right in your hand. Comes in a nice plastic carry case and includes a hanger bracket attachment. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good corded impact gun. It's a bit pricey but worth every penny, it's a high quality product made in Japan.
I install garage doors for a living, and this impact is ideal for this work. Lightweight, plenty of torque, small size gets in tight spaces. I run 5/16 x 1 1/2 lags all day, it works great. If you aren't carefull, it will snap them off!!!!  Used to use a standard 1/2 impact, NO MORE, just ordered my second one today. Highly recommend this unit. Davethedoorman.
Looks like a good built but the one I received has an bad anvil wobble that I am pretty sure is not normal for a tool in this price range.
I can't tell you how disappointing this thing has been. Unless there's a significant ice covering -- like 1/2 inch or more -- on our car, this does nothing. You can't use it as a scraper for regular ice because it doesn't make good contact with the windows. And it's not even that great for scraping ice. It works, but so do far cheaper scrapers. The $4 scraper from the gas station is just as good for scraping, AND for ice.
As an Inuit native I am constantly exposed to the world of Ice and Snow.  When the antarctic winds whistle in over the Ross shelf, and drive the Polar bears up north, we get a thick coating of ice over everything.Our neighbouring tribe, the Ergonom, invented this famous ergonomic ice scraper.  Just the thing for cleaning off the windscreen of your convertible without scraping the glass.Now all I need are some roads!  But until that happens I'll just sit in here, looking out my ice-free window, drinking my ice-cold, ice filtered beer, and listening to the Corrs on the Blaupunkt.
I don't understand how this thing works, but it works.  I took my giant shovel and my SnowMover Heavy Duty Snoplow and used one on one half of my snow covered deck, and one on the other half of my deck.  It only took half the time to push the snow off my deck with the SnowMover than it did with the big shovel.  My regular big shovel kept getting stuck. But the SnowMover snowplow just glided smoothly as I pushed. I did break the SnowMover snowplow the first time I used it.  I hit a chunk of ice and the handel detached on one side from the bottom part, and as I pulled back the other side popped as well. It happened real quick, one minute I was plowing and then the next, I heard the pop, and as I jerked to a stop, I heard a second pop.I think they really need to re-think the way the handle attaches to the shovel part.  I'm not good at explaining, but the yellow handle connects to the shovel by there being a hole on each side of the handle and it fits down through the top of the shovel base and is held into place with two strange screws.  I say strange because I don't know what these type of screws are called that have a plastic wrapping on them.  But the holes that hold the screw in place if that hole gets cracked there is nothing you can do with the Snowplow because it is plastic.  In my case both of the holes on each side cracked.  I think the makers should use some type of metal to hold the handle and bottom together.I contacted the seller through Amazon and I was sent a new SnowMover Snowplow right away, and I sent them the broken one.After receiving the replacement plow, two pretty good snow storms hit back to back.  I watched out my window as many of my neighbors cleaned off their cars and taking a very long time to do it.  I waited until they were all done and I went out and took the SnowMover plow and systematically removed the snow from my car in no time at all.  I was able to clean off my entire car with little effort.I'm cautious about breaking this one.  I really like it though, but I think you have to be careful to not snag it on anything because it seems pretty easy to that.  And I don't know if that is a good thing or bad thing.  I do however believe that the manufacturer needs to come up with a better way to attach the handle so it isn't easily broken.And though it seems a little fragile than it should be, I really like this gadget.
The plastic stoppers that hold it in place when extended snapped off the very first time I used it, now it's junk.I would not tell anyone to buy this product.
I bought this product last year but waited until now to review it. It has stood the test of time and withstood the the post Christmas snowzilla in New York.  Okay, so it does not fit under the seat so in the summer time you stash it in the garage [Oh, I live in NYC so I don't have a garage but there is always a place for a valuable tool] I was even thinking of buying a second one but I only have one car [remember -- I live in NYC]
I purchased the SnowMover from Amazon last year(2008.) the SnowMover works well to remove snow from the hood, roof and windows.  However, the non-bristled edge has little effect on removing hard ice on the windows.  The SnowMover is handy to keep in the trunk.  In addition, I wish the SnowMover extended more than 42 inches long.  The other day I made quick work of the snow built up on my car with a long handled push broom, even as I was concerned about the hard bristles.  Luckily, the ice layer(underneath the snow) prevented the broom from scratching the car finish.  Otherwise, I would not have used it.  But, it was so very easy with the long handle of the push broom to make quick work of the snow on roof and hood and trunk. And the surface area of a push broom is much wider, as well.  If the manufacturer would make the SnowMover extend longer with a bit wider bristle surface, I would give it 5 stars plus.  The Snowmover is extremely lightweight and I love that aspect of it, so it could handle longer extension and wider surface area very well without adding much weight.  And the SnowMover is durable if used as designed.  But, remember, you will need to keep a good ice scraper in your automobile, in addition to the Snow Mover.
This thing is larger than I had thought.  Wanted something not too big for the back of my smart fortwo convertible.  This is nearly as wide as the car.People have talked about problems with the handle's telescoping locking pins and I can see that could be a potential issue, it's the one weak spot.  But seems as if it should be fine as long as it's taken into consideration when being used.  The shovel bit is solidly on there though.Bristles on the bottom, they are stiffer and bigger than I had thought, I'm not sure how well they'll work around things like wipers and such, since there's not much give.  Looks like I'm still going to have to keep a brush handy anyway.  But this will certainly get the piles off...
I own four Snow Movers because I keep one in each car and one at home and have a spare because I NEVER want to be without one.  All of my friends and neighbors now own one because they have seen how wonderfully they perform, how easy it is to remove snow (even from an SUV) as it extends.  I can't imagine life before my Snow Mover. I highly recommend this to everyone. Where do you get an item this good, made in the USA at such a fantastic price AND with a no-hassle Lifetime Guarantee?  Nowhere that I have found except with this item and accompanying items.  Highly recommended!!!!
I used this twice before it broke.  The unit itself is fairly solid but the plastic that holds the black extender clips in place is what keeps breaking.  I was shipped one that I had to return because it broke in transit.  Now second use and the same piece broke.  Yes it has a supposed lifetime warranty but I dont really want to be contacting people for new ones every few weeks during the winter.
I was hoping this would be a better 'broom' / ice scraper combo, but I am disappointed.  It is made of good quality material, but the ice scraper isn't all that effective, and the broom sweep is not wide enough or thick enough to tackle a lot of snow. The head is tall so it doesn't store under the seat very well, so I just hung it on a nail near my vehicle and have used it a couple times to brush the snow off the pickup hood. I'm only using it until I find a better vehicle sweeper that won't scratch the hood.
I got this snowplow for winter.....After used it for one month, I noticed that my car's paint has been badly scratched by the rubber bristles.....Even a polish or buff cannot fix my paint on my hood..........I should say, it is real heavy duty, but too hard for your baby vehicle.....
This product is a waste of money, it is a plastic sheet with garden hose running through it.  Don't be fooled by the misleading technical details.  The good news is that it shipped quickly and it was folded up real nice.  Garden hose was high quality green hose.
This is nothing more then a very thin plastic tarp that tares easily.  You are better off spending $10 at Home Depot for a tarp and $7 for a garden hose and making the same thing yourself, which would be much more durable and far cheaper.  Esthetically this car mat is nicer but fairly priced, only worth about $20 retail.
The car pad was exactly as I expected, good quality and easy to install. I would recommend it to anyone.
I received the product and tried to unroll it.  It's cold in Connecticut right now.  The floor protector would not flatten out.  The on-line description does NOT mention that their directions state to unroll the protector in the sun at a temperature of 90F.  Also, the temperature has to be a minimum of 50F to apply a tire abrasion pad to the protector.  Their instructions state the garage floor has to be defect free and vacuumed to prevent stones,etc. from damaging the protector!  OK - what about all of the sand and small stones that fall off of the car with the ice and snow after winter driving!I RETURNED this defective product - it would not unroll and flatten out.  I suspect that even if I was able to install it, it would be quickly damaged due to driving over it with small stones, etc. that accumulate with each snow storm.
Carpad has made a wonderful product.  We have two for vehicles and one for a riding mower.  Everyone who sees the inside of our garage comments on them and wants to know where to get one.  The mat captures water, road salt, snow, ice, and grime, keeping your garage floor clean.  In good weather, we hose and scrub ours off, dry them in the breeze or sun, and put them back.  We've replaced one already from years of use and will replace the others as needed.  A practical product worth the money.  Follow the directions when inserting the hose side barriers.  It's much easier if you do.  The voice of experience.
Really, beware of ordering from them.I ordered 2 items - I did receive one, it took almost two months, but OK.  As one reviewer wrote, it is heavy plastic with 4 plastic "hoses."  You decide if it's worth $180.Then, when the second item came, 2 months later, it was the wrong item - a small carpad that I cannot use. The company nevertheless charged me $80, the price of the item I originally ordered, whereas the item I was sent is priced at $38 on their website. I sent 3 emails - no reply.  I left several telephone messages. No replies.  This was in June.  I called again July 19, another answering machine, no human being.  This company has overcharged me for something I never even ordered, and six weeks later they still have not rectified this.  I'm now dealing with Visa to dispute the charge.  Carpad seems to be on the brink. Don't deal with them.
Really, beware of ordering from them.I ordered 2 items - I did receive one, it took almost two months, but OK. As one reviewer wrote, it is heavy plastic with 4 plastic "hoses." You decide if it's worth $180.Then, when the second item came, 2 months later, it was the wrong item - a small carpad that I cannot use. The company nevertheless charged me $80, the price of the item I originally ordered, whereas the item I was sent is priced at $38 on their website. I sent 3 emails - no reply. I left several telephone messages. No replies. This was in June. I called again July 19, another answering machine, no human being. This company has overcharged me for something I never even ordered, and six weeks later they still have not rectified this. I'm now dealing with Visa to dispute the charge. Carpad seems to be on the brink. Don't deal with them.
I bought the carpad because I have a spot by my steps in the garage where the water was settling when snow and slush melted off my car.  I live in Minnesota, so there's alot of it!  When I got the carpad I installed it right away.  The only problem I had was my own fault because I didn't let the hose warm up before installing it and it was still a little curly from being wound up, but it flattened out when we had a warm spell.  I didn't put the hose piece on the end by the garage door because the drainage is good there and it's easier to drive over without it. It's also much easier to sweep it off when needed without the hose there.  It's slippery if it's wet when you get out of the car, but not nearly as bad as having the whole floor wet  I no longer have a big wet, slippery spot in front of my steps!  The carpad keeps the water on it and not on the garage floor. I'm very glad I purchased it because it took care of my problem.
The CarPad works fine when new but it didn't last as long as I had hoped.The vinyl dries out and cracks after about 2 or 3 years and then it no longerprovides much value.  It would be nicer if they used a better quality vinyl.
I have used three Carpads and am now ordering another for a family member.  My experience with Carpads is entirely favorable.  I live in Wyoming where winters last 7 to 8 months, and cars often accumulate large quantities of snow and chemical slush that then melts onto the garage floor.  The Carpads reliably contain this runoff.  Small punctures and cuts can are readily repairable with duct tape.  With reasonable car, my Carpads last at least five seasons.  I have also used competing products, and they did not perform as well as Carpads.
I really like this stuff but I wasn't impressed with how it worked oh the faders. My experience wasn't near as bad as the other reviewer's though. It cleaned them right up for me but lost the smoothness totally and left them sliding too easy with no resistance whatsoever. I guess they make specific types of grease for that so if worse came to worse you can re-grease them after cleaning them but it does say that this product is for faders right on the can. I'm still giving it 5 starts because I don't even know if I can count on two hands how many times this product has came to me rescue and bailed me out in repairing and also salvaging gear.
I have an electric guitar from the 80s where the volume and tone pots had became so bad over time that it was essentially unusable. At most settings there was no sound or a loud scratching noise and you had to fiddle with the knob to get any sound to come out at all. I heard about this product and thought I would give it a try. I applied it according to the directions (only a couple of tiny squirts was necessary in each pot) and the pots started working just like new. Not only did the pots work as they should, but the guitar's sound improved quite dramatically as well. I am totally sold on this product.
good for cleaning faders...the lube isnt that great if you wanna buy a lube get the f100 but if you wanna clean then get this its the f5...i had to spray a lot of times to get the fader as loose as i wanted it to be on my ooollllddd ttm56 rane mixer....so i ordered the f100 so i dont have to spray my faders as much but the f5 is great for cleaning rane faders
Used it on volume control on car stereo,now works like a charm without readout and volume jumping erratically all over the place when turning knob.Now Im looking for other things to spray it on,a miracle product IMO.Edit-this is a fine rust remover too,used on some shears and nippers on spring tool maintanance,cuts thru rust like no tomorrow....expensive for the use,yet so are tools and it really does a job after a hard seasons use.
I am a big fan of Horizon Hobby and their UMX E-Flite planes and micro Blade helis. A lot of people complain about the linear servos they use on the UMX stuff and I admit to having a few fail because of the sensor behind the linear screw becoming dirty. Someone on RC groups mentioned FaderLube and then a few local guys were surprised I didn't know about it. So I got a can.5 OZ it more that I thought it would be. Before each flight, I do a small (like less than a 1/2 second) shot into the linear screw area before doing my preflight servo tests. When I do the tests, it helps move the lube around. To be honest, I don't know if the lube is helping, but I haven't had a linear servo fail in a month and I fly UMX planes and helis for hours at a time a few days a weeks. If you are looking for bearing oil, I have been using Liquid Bearing from here on Amazon for over a year.
This product quickly cleaned the controls/pots on a PC set of Klipsh Speakers and a couple other pieces of electronics. A short burst of spray on the controls and they operate like new. If you're having trouble with scratchy/noisy/volume controls or any sliders, faders, you will not go wrong with your purchase of Hosa Cleaner. Hosa Cleaner is safe to use on and around plastic.
This product has breathed new life into my MIDI controller (Akai APC40) and audio interface... three years of partying has exposed my equipment to a lot of spilled drinks, but now I'm ready for more action!!!DeOxit Faderlube makes everything physically work better (faders and knobs feel smoother than brand-new)... and more importantly, the electrical problems are gone.My APC40 had been sending out random MIDI messages when I moved certain faders and knobs. It was such a serious problem that I had to stop using those controls entirely.Fortunately, Faderlube dissolved the crap in those connections... I could actually see dirt seeping out of them (LOL!). Wiped off the dirt with a microfiber cloth, applied more Faderlube for good luck, and now everything is just peachy!I fixed a similar issue with my audio interface... my volume knob was "scratchy," sending out horrible static whenever I hit a certain setting. Faderlube to the rescue. 'Nuff said.I was about to send my gear into the repair shop... so glad I just bought a can of Faderlube instead.
I bought this product to clean the pots on my Sansui AU717 and it worked great. Would highly recommend it
A few quick shots of this into the potentiometer (volume control) of the radio and it works like new.Before that, turning the volume knob only resulted in momentary bursts of loud static; there was never any music.I also did the tone control of the radio.Safe on plastic.Note that this will ship ORM-D which means surface mail and that is pretty slow.
This product is absolutely essential for the person who maintains electrical, electronic, audio, musical instruments. A typical use would be to clean volume and tone controls in amplifiers or audio equipment. Many years ago, when TV sets had rotary tuning controls, &#34;tuner cleaner&#34; spray was used to maintain. That product was marginal in long-term effectiveness and left undesirable residues. DeoxIT is a decendant of &#34;tuner cleaner&#34; with state-of-the art ability to clean and maintain equipment. Thanks to your EPA, it has become extremely expensive.
Luv this product!  Solves all my equipment problems super-quick.  I highly recommend it for sticky faders, knobs, sliders etc.  Order some now!
I had scratchy (really scratchy) volume potentiometers on an old receiver, and I've been trying to clean them with rubbing alcohol, which I now know can damage volume pots because it strips them of any lubrication. After using this, things are much improved, although I'll still eventually have to replace the pots, they're just too far gone in the upper half. I wish it had a way to keep the straw with the can when not in use: any spray product that comes with a straw should have a way to keep the can and straw together (especially when it costs this much). I've learned a lot about the longevity of rubber bands over the years.
This product does a great job on &#34;Faders&#34; within my Recording Console. Frankly, it works well on any two surfaces that move against one another.
My 10+ year-old home mixing board had several noisy and erratic sliders. Now it's smooth as sllk and quiet in all respects.
I chose this on the advice of friends and I'm certainly glad I did. It works Great! I'd recommend it to anyone wanting to clean potentiometers.
Rumor has it that since they started banning HCFCs, this is the only potentiometer lube that really works anymore. It's a great product and often times a single spray with fix the issue.
This is a must have for anyone who owns multiple guitar/bass amps/guitars. Great for cleaning and lubing pots on amps and guitars. I have fixed a few amps using this stuff. Great stuff!
My volume knobs on my guitars emitted a scratchy electrical sound when I turned them. I used Deoxit and that problem is solved completely.
I had 4 faders not working on my Mackie board and the deoxit brought the board right back to life!
Good for scratchy pots ... a disaster for faders. Totalled out the faders on my vintage Arp Odyssey and Tapco 4400. The faders no longer move. Both pieces were never toured and kept covered. The ARP was bought new. Dielectric grease by Luberex is the choice if you have to get into your vintage faders.
This is the best pot ceramic pot cleaner/lubricant on the market I was able to find.It is safe for all ceramic pots etc!
Does what it is designed to do. Works well on pots and sliders. Just don't over do it. Use only enough to clean and lube.
The best way to clean oxidation from audio or electronic Fader slides. It both cleans and lubricates the slides. It gets rid of the crackle and makes them feel smoother. It is not as strong as the regular Deoxit and is also useful on very old equipment where you might be nervous using a strong solvent. It helps prevent re-oxidation.By opinion:Its the only one I use.
Needed to clean some faders and pots (on amps) this stuff is difficult to find at retail stores. After talking to a repair tech at ASCII, he suggested this product. So far it has worked well and bought some time until I can get things serviced.
I used DeoxIT on my Rane TTM57SL mixer. Some of the effects buttons and knobs were not as responsive anymore. I was skeptical when I first ordered it, but after applying it on the mixer buttons, they instantly started to work again with every press. My mixer is like new again!
It took forever to get this product and when I got it they had sent the wrong item. I called them and the person who answered the phone was very nice and she promised me that the new product would be sent right out. It took 10 days to get the right item and by then I had found the same item locally for 1/2 the price. I wanted to return both items and had to pay for the return shipping. A real rip off. I would not buy anything from this company. It cost me three times the price I found it locally with all the charges for shipping. This company is a real rip off.
Easy to "install"! Works just perfectly to charge cell phones or laptops thereby avoiding the need to buy need car chargers every time you change cell phones.
If you order this, it comes from Global Phone Company.  They sent me one that the package had been torn open, the item had obviously been used and damaged.  When I called the "company" I talked to 2 people and I could hear DOGS BARKING IN THE BACKGROUND the whole time!  They accused me of damaging the unit myself!  Wanted me to ship it back at my own expense.I DO want to buy this product but WON'T BUY IF FROM THIS COMPANY!  I don't think Global Phone Company is a REAL business.  DON'T TRUST THEM!
I have used this in several different cars to power everything from a cell phone charger to a laptop to a car vac.  It has an internal fuse, but I have never tripped it.  I almost forgot, we even used this to power our fridge in a blackout by running a long extension cord from the car to the kitchen - we just let it run for a couple of hours to keep things cold/frozen.
With the past strem when we lost power I used my Xpower Mobile Plug to charge everything that needed charging. My phone, etc, really a must have.
Things to think about before you buy:Make sure your cigarette lighter socket has enough clearance around it to accomodate this large of an adapter.You may need one with a cord with the plug on the end to fit in your vehicle.Make sure your intended use won't overload this adapter. It's rated up to 75 watts continuous duty.Otherwise,it's a well made unit by a name brand manufacturer and they warranty it as such.Besides,[Amazon.com] stands behind your purchase.
Although I purchased this inverter some time ago, I am still using it quite a bit.  This is great for any in car need for an electrical outlet.  We use it to charge the kids' DS's and to plug in dvd players.  I recommend this
I have had one of these for quite some time and I use it to charge my cell phone. It works great. Every now and then I have to pull it out and plug it back in to get it to work... but it works every time. It makes no noise (unlike the model with higher voltage) because it doesn't have a loud fan. It's a great option for accessories that don't need a ton of power.
Firstly, you should note that I have the earlier 250 watt version of this powerpack (very similar, but without the compressor).I am buying a 2nd 300 watt version because my experience has been so good with my first one.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I had no charging problems and it has held the charge for the past several years without fail (comforting green light).  The real test came during the big NYC blackout-- I was the only one with any lights on!  Worked like a champ.  As I said, I'm buying another one.
If your power goes out you can live, for a while, with no lights. The operation of a sump pump is a different matter. Last year I spent 5 hours bailing a sump pump hole with a plastic pitcher. Not enjoyable. I went everywhere looking for this type of unit and spent an hour on the internet. The Xantrex 852-1840 generator seems to be a great insurance policy.
We had the problem noted below but the mfg. did the right thing and replaced it. Terrific and appreciate integrity.We charged it immediately and put it away for our first power failure that didn't happened until last night (almost a year after buying it). It didn't work. One of the fluorescent tubes lit but it wouldn't take a very small LCD TV.And we can't figure out how to contact Amazon about taking it back or exchanging it.Very disappointing from two aspects: (1) it never worked, and (2) Amazon doesn't seem to have any way to contact them about it so they can attempt to replace it.
I've had mine for over two years and it has been a godsend for me.  I have used it three times to power my sump pump during power failures.  When my neighbors have been flooded, I just hooked up my power pack to my pump and it was able to run my sump pump for over 24 hours.  It is a worthwhile investment for those of you who need a reliable backup AC power source without the hassle of hooking up a gasoline generator.Get it today!
I bought POWER PACK several years back.  I wanted something for the car on long trips just in case I have a flat tire, need emergency lighting, and so on.  Well, not only have I pumped up a few tires but it saved my basement. I used it to keep my sump pump going until I got my gas powered generator going.  It really isn't for this (the surge of a sump pump could fry the battery) but I monitored it so it wouldn't over heat and I only used it for about 15 minutes, turning it off when the alarm went on. Once the generator was running I let it cool and rest before I used it as a flashlight.  It was also great for powering a radio and portable TV but its not for major eclectrical devices.  I even connected it to my computer for about 1/2 hour on the same night to get the weather forcast. It truely is a great little power pack.
The Xanex &quot;Generator&quot; isn't a generator at all; it's a small rechargeable battery combined with a lamp and one of those cheesy little battery powered tire pumps that sometimes come in roadside emergency kits. In other words it's a collection of cheesy tools at a premium price.If you want a real generator, get a Honda, but be prepared to spend three times as much. And if you want a portable battery/charger package for running accessories and emergency car starting, there are better units.
BACKGROUNDI got to my dad's place in South Florida after Hurricane Charley ripped through in 2004 and beat all the infrastructure to death.  It first night there was miserable.  That night was candles only, no radio, and had to run my car to charge my cell phone.  The next day after taking a bath in his pool, I looked at his small sailboat, and said, "Um, dad, don't you have an inverter on that?"  We pulled it out the inverter and the battery, and that night was so different.  1 light, a small radio, charged our cell phones, and we felt so much better.  It was hot, sticky and sweaty, but we had a light, a radio, and powered our cell phones.  FOR FOUR DAYS!... And that made all the difference in the world.Later, I really thought the experience through, and it's true.  In a real emergency, when the chips are really down, AC and fridges don't really matter.  What you need is security that the world hasn't collapsed.I did the math on consumption to run a compact fluorescent bulb for 4 hours a day, run a small radio for 4 hours a day, and charge a cell phone for 2 hours a day, and basically came up with this unit.  In this profile, this will keep you lit and in touch with the outside world for about 4-5 days.  And that is amazing.PURCHASING DECISIONI bought and tested this unit twice on that load, and it worked both times.  I bought one for all of my family members as Christmas presents.CONCLUSION1) To run one or two compact fluorescent bulbs, a small radio, and charge cell phones for a couple of days, this is an extraordinally wise investment in mental health during an emergency.  For most people, isn't that what we really need?  I mean really, truly, and honestly need?2) One constant light source, one radio, and power for cell phone is all you really and honestly truly need for a day or so.LONG TERM TEST RESULTSI have had the unit for 5 years now, and it still works fine.  Holds the charge, and I still periodically test it under that load.  Live in DC now, and the power went out the winter of 2008.  When it did, I was prepared.  I knew the power would be on in a day or so, so I wasn't that worried.  Pulled the unit out, plugged in my lamp and radio (you need a splitter for this), and was good to go.  Charged the cell phone during the next day.Also used it many times camping to power some Christmas lights around the camp.  That was fun.If you are considering what your needs are, there are so many things this unit is not designed for.  Anything much more, and you are looking at a gas generator.  For the basics, when the chips are truly down, this little dude is really stunning.Hope this is helpful in your decision.  I HIGHLY recommend this for the true basics, and peace of mind in an emergency.Cheers
I followed the charging instructions for the Power Pack 300 C. After 48 hours of AC charging, the light was still amber instead of green. The manual said, if the light was amber, wait 15 mins and press a button on the unit that would reveal the charging level. I did this and the unit said it was fully charged. The Power Pack ran a 40 watt table lamp for 4 hours as promissed!However the next time I charged the system the same thing happened. The light was Amber. After waiting 30 mins I pressed the button on the unit but this time it registered "RED". I moved the unit to another outlet and charged it for another 48 hours. Same Result (RED)! I plugged in the 40 watt table lamp and it lasted only 20 mins.I love the idea Xantrex had for a portable electronic generator, however their execution came up a little short on this one. The unit is going back!
I'm very pleased with the portable XPowerpack 300 Plus. I do a low key lawn service which includes a couple of hedges and assorted bushes. I've used gas powered hedge shears over the years but the cut was cleaner with an electric hedge trimmer. I've run a hedge trimmer (TR1400 Black & Decker) for an hour and a half. I've inflated bicycle tires and we have a VW van that occassionally won't start. The unit has performed better than I expected. Now, if it lasts a few years, I'll give it that 5th star.
I bought my Powerpack Plus three years ago and have never had a problem with it.  I have started cars, inflated tires & toys, relied on the light, and powered all sorts of SMALL electrical devices.  For those folks who are trying to power appliances like TVs or power tools - if you seriously want to do that you need a generator, which this is not.  I would highly recommend this to anyone.
I don't know what the people are thinking that give this item a one and two star rating because it isn't a gasoline-powered portable generator. No where in the description does it say it's a gas-powered generator, and these people are belittling a product that they bought because they made a mistake by not researching what the product was and because they don't seem to know the difference between a portable power-pack and a real generator.Now on to the product itself. This is a battery powered portable power unit, first and foremost. It is meant to be mainly used as a jump-start aid on cars with a low (not completely dead) battery. When used in this capacity, it excels at it's job, which is it's primary purpose. The rest of the items on this unit are emergency conveniences, and of course won't hold their own against stand-alone tools built for their specific purposes. The people at Xantrex threw in these few extras for convenience's sake. It has a flourescent utility light that lets you see what you're doing at night, don't expect it to act as a focus-beamed searchlight. The tubes light up bright and will run all night long without going dead. They also put a power inverter on it so that you can power small 110-volt tools if necessary but don't expect it to provide the power of a gas-generator or your ac-mains, and there's a 12-volt cigarette outlet too for 12-volt tools. They put a small compressor on it and it works fine for emergencies, but it's not meant to inflate tires all the time like a Campbell-Hausfield 10-hp dual-stage compressor with 50-gallon tank, it's an emergency convenience, and that's the point that should be remembered.I've been pleased with the reliability of my unit, I've had it and been using for 5 years without any incident. The battery takes and hold a charge well and the unit supplies all the power I need for small emergency situations when traveling or at home during a minor power outage.No, it won't run your TV set, it isn't meant to, but when used within it's meant capabilities it performs it's duties fine, such as running a nebulizer for emphazema medication during power outages, or running a small radio. But if you're needing to power large appliances, of course it won't work, you have to rate the power-source to the power consumption of the appliance, including startup surge capacity. In other words, read the power-rating on the appliance and look at the power rating of Xantrex, if the appliance meets or exceeds the rated load capacity of the Xantrex, don't plug it in, it isn't going to magically supply more power than it's capable of. If you want to run your TV, air-conditioner, hot-water heater, well pump, washer/dryer, dishwasher, home theater system, or refridgerator, then buy a gasoline powered generator instead. That's why I bought my 15-Kilowatt gas generator.
I use a C-PAP machine for my sleep abnea.  When the power goes out I can get back to sleep with confidence.  I bought the Xantrex Power Pack 300 plus over a year ago.  For me....It can be the difference between life and death. When the power goes out I hook it up to my C-PA.I am buying my second one for my brother as during the last power outage in Clinton MD he was without his C-PAP for over 8 hours.This won't be a problem for him anymore.
This is a fun game! Like uno, but better. I even bought extra for my friends. Can not wait to play the next game.
The deck of cards was brand new, in plastic and in excellent condition! I love this game so much, everybody should play!!!
I bought this for my husband after we had gotten our first SUV.  At first look he didn't like it - UNTIL he used it!  Now it is wonderful.  You use less water while washing a vehicle.  And we are for conserving water.  Would definitely recommend to others.
The rigid,saddle shaped washing surface is not suitable for washing flat surfaces. There is a 1 inch depression in the middle which means only the edges make good contact with the surface that you are washing. Even on a curved surface, the head does not swivel, which means you constantly are trying to adjust the stick angle to get better contact of the mop head with the surface you are washing, and it darn near impossible.  This all requires much more effort than using a plain sponge, or my favorite car washing tool, a shaggy mitt with nylon mesh on the other side.  I have used the Wash Stick twice on my car and will not use it again. This tool would be much improved if the head were flat instead of concave.
The backing for the mitt has a slight curve and fairly soft flex that does a surprisingly good job on and around door trim.  Uses more washing solution than hand washing, but that is the only negative.
This Auto Wash Stick is Great!  I just got a new car and couldn't reach the top to wash it but was worried about scratching the new paint.  This stick is very soft, but cleans great and is long enough to reach the top of my car.
This item is not more useful than a simple rag.I does not connect to your hose as I thought it would.
I use it for washing the top of my car. Now I do not need a step ladder. I can reach all of the hard to reach places.
This product SUCKS does not even work. I don't recommend this to anyone.Water comes right out as soon as you bring it up to wash your vehicle.
I use this to wash my car at home which allows me to save money and use non-toxic soaps, as compared to a commercial car wash.  The auto wash stick is very easy to use, doesn't leak, and provides leverage to allow you to really clean your car's exterior.  It is also long enough to be ergonomic so you aren't bending over as much plus you can reach the center of your car's roof with itThe end is a perfect combination of stiff and flexible and there are no sharp edges to scratch your car.
I bought this and just washed my car with it.  It is curved and does not work well on flat surfaces (like a car). I read another review that really states well the issues that I have with this product so I will repeat what it said:&#34;The rigid,saddle shaped washing surface is not suitable for washing flat surfaces. There is a 1 inch depression in the middle which means only the edges make good contact with the surface that you are washing. Even on a curved surface, the head does not swivel, which means you constantly are trying to adjust the stick angle to get better contact of the mop head with the surface you are washing, and it darn near impossible. This all requires much more effort than using a plain sponge, or my favorite car washing tool, a shaggy mitt with nylon mesh on the other side. I have used the Wash Stick twice on my car and will not use it again. This tool would be much improved if the head were flat instead of concave. &#34;
I received my Auto Wash Stick after the temperature dropped to the 20s and 30s. I finally got a day that was 39 degrees so I washed my pickup truck. It was great! I did not have to put my hands in the bucket of soapy water. By sucking up the soapy water into the wand, I reduced the time it took to wash my truck because I did not have to reload so many times. I would recommend this item to anyone.
Great For Washing My Chevy Silverado Pickup. Allows You To Reach Those Hard To Get To Places Without Straining A Muscle.
I like my Auto Wash Stick.  I have washed my car two times since receiving it.  I am 74 years old.
I have been using this for a couple of months now and I can't say enough good things about it. It really works great and as advertised. I would recommend it to anyone.
The wash stick is easy to use in every way.  It is lightweight, so little women don't get too tired using it.  It is easy to fill.  The soft mitt can be turned to its edge to get into crevices.  The concave design neatly conforms to the curves of the car.I engaged a helper to handle the water hose and that was a great idea.  Between the two of us, we washed the car in record time and with much less effort than is usually required.The unit is bit pricey but it really does work.  I ran the mitt through the gentle cycle in the washing machine and then hung it to dry overnight.  It washed perfectly and was easy enough to reattach to the stick.  The entire unit is compact so storing it is no problem.I actually look forward to washing the car again!
I am short and this products helps me reach the hood of my car.  It is also very soft but washes my car well.  I just can't afford to spend $25+++ bucks on having my car washed so I do it myself and make it fun.  I plug into iTunes use my Turtle Wash Wax and the job is done in less than 30 minutes...inside and out!
This useful auto wash tool makes things like washing the roof of your truck easy within reach.  Handy Soap storage is convenient as well.The only improvement that could be made is that the head to be more flexible
I got this for a minivan as it I difficult to reach to top of the vehicle.  It it able to reach most remote parts of the van. It manages and releases the soapy water well. The whole  thing operates like a giant syringe in a way.The fabric head is removable for machine wash. Can't thing of anything bad to write about.
The soapy water fill works great - the thing that doesn't seem to work is keeping the cloth on the head. Once it gets wet it seems to fall off. Also, the curve on the part that holds the cloth on is too extreme. One other con is the odd blind, closed plastic nib opposite the head - it seems to get in the way when trying to do the wheelwells. Parts of this are well designed, but the problems outweigh the positives.
We were looking for a product to help us wash our 40 foot motor home and bought this wash stick because it said that it extended quite a bit.  The problem is that the extension is really caused by filling up the water part of the stick and it will not stay extended as you wash.  Also, the washing part has a distinct curve to it making it hard to wash flat surfaces.  I would not recommend this for a large vehicle, but it might be okay for a car.
works wonderful has reach loads up with was very easy to use makes the job fast. Amazon got it right made it easy for me.
Washes car more quickly and with less effort.  Also easily reaches the roof of my SUV.  Great product.  Very soft so I don't worry about scratches.  I also don't really notice much/any lint left behind.  I bought one for myself some time back.  My dad, who has watched me use it, wants one for Christmas.
There was a strip in the middle of the roof of my truck that I just couldn't reach by hand. This stick extends my reach far enough that there is no spot that I can't reach anymore. The pad is nice and soft, I love it.
Bought this for my Dad in his 70's who likes to wash his car.He said it was great because you can put the soapy water in thehandle so you don't have to keep going back to the bucket.The long handle allows you to get the roof done easily.
Just buy a sponge mop and bucket and save $$.The head on this stick does not swivel, pivot, flex, or otherwise make it easy to use.The stick part does not fill over 3/4 with liquid.  Also it has no 'lock' -- just moving the thing across the car causes the stick to push liquid out so that it empties and needs refilling just as often as you would dunk a regular sponge mop.  I'm returning it.
This is an absolute must for anyone who enjoys washing their own vehicles.  It has cut the time for me in half and I actually enjoy keeping 2 vehicles, a bass boat, a travel trailer and other equipment clean.  Very easy to use.
I take pride in giving my car a good wash and thought this would be great. Unfortunately no. This junk head does not form around the surface of a car. There is a slight curve to the head that ends up only allowing the outer sides to come in contact with the car. It does not clean crevice; like the body to where molding comes together. The lamb head does not allow you to clean any crevices such as light molding, grills, door handles, etc.  Also the handle gets shorter and shorter when applying a little pressure. Save your money and buy a simple soft wash brush and cheap extension handle. In conclusion, garbage.
Great Gift to GiveThe wash stick is the best invention since sliced bread, washing cars is so easy with it,great for washing the Caravan also
The elastic that holds the sponge to the handle eventually stretches after 5 uses. Just another gimmick. Don't wast your money, wash the old fashioned was with chamois.
It cleans well in places that can be hard to reach otherwise.  The curve that people are talking about flattens with slight pressure, and is not an issue except at the extreme range of the handle.  The fluid in the handle is not all that useful.  Sponge on a stick is what it is and it works pretty well  at medium distances.
I have a GMC Acadia, which is a fairly large, wide, high SUV. I needed something that would reach across the roof and the hood. This wash stick did the job. It cleaned over 95% of my SUV, including under my roof racks. I doubt there is anything out there that would do a better job. I finished the job off with aCleaning Glove Car Wash Mitt w/Cuffwhich is super fluffy, that got into all the nook's and cranny's that the Wash Stick missed.When I pulled the handle up, it sucked up about a quart of soapy water out of my bucket. It took about 5 qt to do my whole SUV. Saved a lot of time and bending to clean the lower portion of the car and worked quite well. This is not a piece of junk like you get for $12 or $14 in the discount stores. It's a well made quality product that will last quite a while.
I use this for my cars and home windows. It does the job as stated. If it had a foot or two of telescopic pole, it would be perfect.
worst item i ever bought,this is just like another chinese toy for childen.i will not recommend any one. best one is available in costco for 19 dollar.
Item is made from plastic and will break if dropped at all.  Pieces that are supposed to be glued together aren't or the break off real quick.  Do not try to put pressure on this for scrubbing as it will fall apart.  I purchased this to clean my rv..what a joke.  Very messy you get soaked. Head is only about 8 inches and will take forever to do...that is if it doesn't break before your done.  Don't waste your money on this!
This wash stick is useless.  It actually broke the first time I tried to use it, the 2 pieces coming apart where it extends.  I got it put back together, but it wouldn't stay extended with any pressure being applied at the brush.  If you only need it to wash 3' up, fine, but I threw it in the trash that day.
This is the greatest invention since sliced bread! I don't know how I ever lived without this thing. I have tried other similar items like a chenille wash stick from walmart/target(junk) that are cheap and cheezy, but none compare to this item. This has performed great for years (I recently ordered replacement mitts from the homeright website) and washes the car like no other gadget. The long handle prevents the backache that comes from using a hand sponge and it fills with soapy water which you can squeeze out as you are washing so you don't have to keep dipping into your bucket. The fat handle is ergonomic for the hands;it is easy to hold/grip and feels good unlike the skinny metal poles of the cheap ones. The mitt can be removed and washed and the original one lasted me years before I ordered a replacement. Fantastic! I would recommend this to everyone, I hope they never stop making it!!!
I have owned this for a year now and have experienced no problems with the cloth cover staying on. If you own a pickup truck or a higher van or suv, this is a must. I really don't use the tube to suck up water from a bucket. I found the first time that you can quickly use up the water in the bucket, but the ability to extend the tube for a longer reach is great.  The cloth head comes off easily for cleaning when done.
Received this product today.  The box only contained the stick without the mop head.  There was also absolutely no packing material, nor a packing slip of my order.  This was very strange as I have always gotten a packing slip in every order from Amazon.  This was too expensive a product to not get all the parts.  I am trying to just getting the missing part instead of having to pay to return the entire box.  This seems to be a problem, but am working on it.  I would give this a 0 star rating if I could.  Buyer beware!
I was under the impression, somehow, that this wash stick attached to a hose.  It doesn't.  You fill up the small reservoir in the handle instead.  It works OK with a bucket.  The mop end is sort of a skeep-skin affair.  I think it would hold up reasonably well if you used it on a car, but it will fray to pieces pretty quick if you try to use it on painted wood, as I did.
Overall, the HomeRight Auto Wash Stick works well on flat surfaces but if your car has wheel well mouldings, fender flares, spoilers, air dams, roof racks, or just about anything not flat, I find it hard to get those areas. And many places can't be gotten to no matter what. It earns a 4 star because where it can be used it works pretty good. If your car is an easy car to wash then perhaps you will really like it. Mine is a hard one to wash so when I get done, I let it dry then go back and wash the areas I missed by hand. Even with that, it's still easier and quicker than washing the whole thing with a sponge. Plus the long handle makes it easier to do the roof without stretching or reaching and the lower areas without stooping. It feels a little light duty and I worry how long it will last, but if it holds up well I would probably buy another.
Bought the wash stick and was able to wash two cars in record time. Only the really stubborn bird poop needed to be cleaned with the old wash mitt. For $21, its a back saver and gets the job done!
Saya sangat senang dengan ini. Kalau saya tidak beli, padadari saya sangat sedih. Saya harrap semua orang bisa beli satu seperti ini.
This Kit although it works is quite pricey for what you get. Basically it's a paintstick tube in which you draw your soapy water up and push out while scrubbing your car. The wash end of this doesn't do as well as a nice soft brush dipped in a bucket. The squeegy to dry the car with doesn't lay flat enough to evenly take the water off. 2 thumbs down for this kit.
This is the best product ever for drying your car. Why use towels or chamois when you can squeegie it off first, then wipe up the little spots.
Works excellent after a rain, large vehicles, and I like the curve, excellent on windows.
I use this in the morning when my car has a lot of dew on it. It is very good at what it does... leaves no water marks, and I love how flexible it is. Get it.
I owned one for years when I worked for a cleaning service. I made the mistake of giving it to my wife to use in her car, and she kept it in the divorce. Been looking for one to replace it ever since. The flexible head and twin blade design make it ideal for washing your car, and works great on windows too.
Simple but does the job very well - saves me time when I wash the windows at home.
I purchased two of these - one for our home windows and one for my car. Lightweight, easy to use, has some good flexibility in the blade area and has a double row blade which cleans effectively on the first pass. I'm already saving money not having to waste paper towels to clean my exterior car windows. Very satisfied customer.
I bought it to help wipe the windows of my car after a wash, but it didn't glide smoothly over the window surface and wipe the water. Instead, it kept dragging and left smear marks from the rubber probably burning against the window. Not sure if there's a 'correct' way of using it, but I couldn't figure it out...So I really can't recommend this at all.
This is an awesome product, which we have used for years.  We purchased more for use in the business and think it is a great product.
I've been trying to find a reliable window squeegee for quite some time that will clean windows without streaking.  This one isn't it.
We have owned a pair of these for over 12 years and just bought replacement ones only because we were afraid the two older ones might break sometime and we'd be without one.  These are the best for all windows or windshields, but we use them on our clear glass shower dooors to keep them looking new longer and these do the job!
I use a combination of chamois, sham-wows, and squeegees to dry my vehicles.  This reduces the dry time in half.  Must own for car washing enthusiasts and lazy folk who don't want to wipe down their entire vehicle.
They work really well in the shower! I've used them for 10+ years but they are hard to find. Finally discovered them at a good price on Amazon.HomeRight C800504 EZI Dry
If there was 0 star, I would rate this garbage 0 star. I don't know what the previous reviewer got. The one I got was useless. It doesn't clean the water at all. I will throw it into garbage if I cannot return it or the shipment is too much. Never buy it or you will regret, just like me. I bought it because the previous reviewer rated it 5 stars. Perhaps s/he got a different thing.
I received the product, but without the insert to wipe off windows, so it isn't much use.  I've never purchased one before, but this is disappointing-it does nothing.  Have to contact customer service, I guess.  Overall, not impressed so far.
I had a friend give me one and it had been used a bit so I tried to find the same thing at local venders without any luck. Then tried online and to my surprise Amazon had it and I bought two for back up. This is the best auto squeegee that there is on the market today.
I bought it for my brother for his birthday and he loves it! Inexpensive and does the job right. Should've got one for myself
This is an excellent product. I don't rememeber how to spell the thing this is...that starts with an S...so I will just keep calling it a product (see picture to remember what it is, as drug dealers will talk about their product, and they don't mean this...and when I say "buy this product," I am not saying you are going to get a bunch of cocaine...really, coke's not that cheap). So, it's curved, but flexable so it really hugs your windshield, and if you want, if you really really want, you can use it on flat windows too. I bought this to keep in my STi (car), and it's perfect, much better than the stupid ones at gas stations. However, they will not give you a break on gas because you brought your own...don't even ask. I hope you like and vote for my review!!!Sam
After buying 3 different squeegee's from Amazon based on 4 star glowing reviews, I have determined that all these people must have stock in these companies. Please check out all my reviews of these worthless products. This squeegee has double lips on it creating a chattering noise that will wake everybody in the house if you shower @ 5am. It hardly removes any water off the glass Doors and tile shower and it does not come with a hanger. The rubber is very ridged and hardly flexes. I bought a $1.99 Squeegee from Walmart a year ago and it was the best $1.99 I ever spent. Going there tomorrow since I cannot trust these reviews at all anymore.
This is my third EZY Dry in over ten years! If you keep a good coat of wax on your car then you&#8217;ll really appreciate this fast and easy squeegee. The EZY Dry provides a quick way to remove the surface water before toweling off your vehicle.
I used this product to wash the siding on my house.  It worked perfectly - especially in high-up, hard to reach places.
Overall:  This is a very good portable light.  It practically turns night into day wherever you point it and for a good deal of the peripheral area around your targeted area, if that makes sense.Pros:  Really, really bright.  There's no hype there.  This thing is like two car headlamps strapped together and placed in your hand.The sealed lead-acid batteries (there are two, one in the bottom "block" and one in the upper part behind the lamps themselves) are strong, reliable, and long-lasting.Cons:  It's somewhat heavy for one-handed operation, but it comes with an optional strap which you can throw over your shoulder to have to keep from supporting the entire weight with your hand.  It may sound awkward as I describe it, but it works very well.The fit-and-finish is only "average".  It's made overseas like so many things these days, and some of the labels, ports/connectors feel less than optimal, but I consider this criticism to be a nit.  The things I've mentioned are really only aesthetic and don't affect the light's performance.And a caution:  The lens gets very very hot after use, so you need to store it with that in mind until it cools down after several minutes.Conclusion:  Highly recommended.  If you need powerful, portable light, this is it.
Try shining it on someone and watch them recoil as they are blinded and their skin becomes (uncomfortably) warm. This is a very powerful light. Using it for a night-time walk in the woods I accidentally sent a group of high-schoolers running for their lives, leaving a pile of discarded beer cans. They thought police were coming to get them.The only problems I have had, after owning it for about a year, is that the cheap plastic "safety" trigger broke off, the metal clip on the end of the strap got bent, and I can never seem to find the recharger... oh well. Once my friend dipped it into a creek (it pierced through the water illuminating the aquatic life as well as the woods all around us) until I realized this might not be a good idea. Water did leak through the 'lens' into the bulb area, which had me worried. It was not damaged but I would not advise submerging this light.  One big limit is the battery life, which seems to last around 30 minutes. Good thing it is rechargable.Use one bulb or two, either way it is VERY bright. There is also the "area" light built into the handle, which is useful for small tasks when you don't need the full on battery draining power. The reassuring heft and warm beam of light make it a comforting companion during a cold moonless trek. Just don't stay out for longer than half an hour.You better ask yourself just HOW much light you need and for how long. A smaller light with less of a 'WOW' factor might prove more useful, especially an LED due to the energy savings.
The spotlight only works when plugged in but unplugged only the base light works and it does not even flash.  Only worked properly for about 2 months or 4 Ten minute uses.  Too much money for this light and only 3 million candlepower.  Especially, when you can buy 15 million candlepower rechargeables for half the price.  I must have just gotten a lemon, because I own other products made by Vector.  My Cooler/Warmer in my truck runs at least 14 hours a day and has endured heavy abuse.  That is the best product ever with the Vector name on it.
This item was advertised as shipping within 1-2 days.  In fact, 11 days passed before it was shipped.  It took a total of 14 days to arrive from the time I placed my order.  Amazon's poor customer service was matched by the mediocre quality of this item.  It's bright, but poorly made and so heavy it is awkward to use.  I advise avoiding Amazon.com and this item.
I bought this item originally for my boyfriend who lives in a very secluded area and very often has power outages.We have used it on an unexpected night sailing trip and numerous other occasions. All around it is really handy and very powerful.I bought one for myself and will never need another flashlight.
BLACK AND DECKER BOUGHT OUT VECTOR 800-544-6986.REPLACEMENT BATTERY FOR VEC139Y IS $26.33. KEEP IN MIND THE BATTERY IS MADE IN COMMUNIST CHINA AND I HAVE HAD OTHER CHINESE BATTERY PROBLEMS.I TOLD THE B&D; REP I WOULD CONSIDER IT BUT NOT NOW.IT IS A FANTASTIC SPOT LIGHT
LIVING ON A RANCH THIS FLASHLIGHT HAS PROVEN ITSELF TO BE ONE OF THE MOST USED ITEMS HERE YEAR ROUND...IT CAN LIGHT ANYWHERE YOU WOULD WANT AND THE BUTTON TO KEEP THE SMALL LIGHT ON IS A GODSEND DURING POWER FAILURES. I THINK THIS WOULD MAKE A GREAT GIFT TO ANYONE WHO HAS A LOT OF POWER FAILURES AND NEEDS A VERY POWERFUL LIGHT.
This is without a doubt, no question, the best flashlight in the world. This light should not even be considered a flashlight. It looks like a helicopter is shining at whatever you are pointing this thing at. It is that powerful. This will shine up anything you want, for up to one mile away. It is absolutely amazing. You will never be short of light again with this flashlight/helicopter spotlight. Buy it today.
The recipient of this gift was very pleased. The package was in bad shape, but that was declared up front. The light was in new condition and worked well.
I've got to say this is a great spotlight. I've had mine for a year or so and have had no problems with it. During a long power outage we used the smaller light on it for several hours to light a large room and it was very bright. The spotlight has helped me countless times. I bring it on every trip because not only is it a very bright light it's also a power outlet. I've used the power output on it several times. This is one of the most powerful handheld spotlights and it doesn't not let you down.
Very impressive light output.  The small light is handy for long term use during power outages or tasks like changing a tire at night and draws very little from the battery.  Spotlight is extremely powerful.  Holds a charge for a reasonable time.  Excellent addition to the emergency kit.
This is a very poor version of this type product.  I purchased two online after my local home improvement stores stopped carrying a different version. The ones in the store were heavy, this one is light as a feather, which is why it will not stay in place. I have tried heavy duty two sided tape, heavy duty glue, and duct tape, and nothing will work.
Its simple and it works. i have a small garage for two of my cars. My wife always hits something while parking a car as length of the garage is just little more than length of our cars. Placing these mats at correct position saves me dents and scratches on my cars. I bought two of them.I gave four stars because these mats moves when car tire turns a little while parking. But I learned to make my tires straight before getting on this mat.
Was looking for way to park our cars in a garage that is tight for space.  Thought of hanging a tennis ball from the ceiling, but found in the past that my head hit the ball more often than the windshield of the car.The Racor Parking Guide provides a simple solution.11/19/2006  Since having these for some time, found that the problem of sliding around the garage floor is a major pain.. back to the tennis ball
Simple stopping device to keep you from pulling into the front garage wall,  moderate cost and very effective
I had an earlier version of the Racor parking guide made out of plastic. It served its function but cracked apart after several years.  This one seems to be more durable. I fastened it down with two bolts requiring that I drill into the concrete. If you rely on friction you will be constantly putting it back into its position. I suppose you could try gluing it down.
I've been using one of these for just over two years. I need to back into my carport to have enough room to open the wide driver's side door on my two-door sport coupe. The Parking Guide been outside for those two years with summer temperatures over 100 and winters down to the low 30's overnight. I've never had a problem with it moving around on the concrete floor. The only thing I do in the way of maintenance is hose it off a couple of times a year.The one I have is not the one shown in the main photo on the Amazon product page; it is the kind with two rounded humps and long leading edge shown in one of the "other views" photos. This is the model that is also illustrated on the manufacturer's own product page. I bought the one I have at The Container Store.
I read the reviews before purchasing this product. The other reviews are right in that it does shift over time, especially if the wheel is moved while on top of it. Since I knew this going in the product works as planned. I marked lines for 1 of the corners and move it every once in a while to reposition it. I didn't use sticky tape and it only moves a small amount over a few weeks time. If you buy this just expect to correct it time-to-time.
this parking guide slides on my garage floor. i glued some old rubber innertubes on the bottom of it at it seems to help. it still gradually slides over time though.
I bought this product because in the past, I would have to get in and out of my car every time I came home to make sure that I was in not to far and sticking out not too much.  Now I just drive into my garage, pull up slowing until I feel my wheel go over the bump, and I am in perfectly every time.  What a time saver.  No more in and out of my car to make sure I am  in enough to avoid the garage door hitting my car.  I would highly recommend this product.
No mess no fuss!!! Makes parking in the garage a mear bag of shells!!!  One doesn't need two to make it work.
First, why are there two different items pictured? -1*I got the rounded bump one, in case others are wondering.  It works as it should.  It had sticky tape on the bottom.  I cleaned the spot on the garage floor and then applied.  It hasn't moved in over a month.  If it starts to move I would just put a couple dabs of liquid nails under it.
I hung tennis balls, put tape on the wall and other things to get my wife to park correctly in the garage. This is the perfect solution. Parks in the same place almost every time.
It moves forward whenever I go over it, and after a few weeks you are hitting the wall again.  Bought a simillar product, ParkingTarget, and it has a sticky tape underneath so it doesn't move around. Check it out for yourself, I am glad I found out... I just wish someone told me before I bought this expensive piece of plastic.  I bought mine from ParkingTarget.com.
The product arrived timely and the free shipping was excellent. I park my 90 Porsche Carrera in a tight space so this takes the guesswork out of deciding when and where to stop  each day I come home.Only down side is that it did move (about 3 inches) fortunately I marked the location so was able to easily relocate it to the correct spot.
I ordered two of these from Amazon.com and then waited more than three weeks before they arrived.  Within a day, I noticed that they would not stay in place on the garage floor.  Whenever you park using them, they move.These are junk.  Don't buy them.
Like other reviewers, I have discovered that this thing does not stand still. It should have had built in rubber feet. I had to carpet tape it to the garage floor. It works fine now.It also works best with manual cars because automatic cars will tend to want to continue driving over it. I have to put the minivan into neutral and let go of the brake for a split second to allow the wheels to adjust itself.
Like the others I find that this doesn't stay still.  Every time we park the car it slides forward.  I tried duct taping it to the floor of the garage - that helps but it still needs to be adjusted every few days.
we've had this product probably for 24 months now.  it's as basic as it gets & works well.  i'm not sure why the other folks seem to have problems with the product moving.  i find if you pull in straight, it works perfectly. the only time it might move, and this has been quite rare in my experience, is when you pull in & as you drive on to the parking guide/mat, you turn the wheel----------the end result here is that the mat does move (duh....).  by & large, this product is ingenious in its simplicity & effective in daily usage.  it sure beats those who nail or screw 2x4s into their garage floor.  we routinely move ours to sweep or vacuum the garage floor.
The matt tends to slip around alot, maybe my cement should be rougher.  I had to put marks on the floor to keep putting it back.  Dont know quite how to fix that,.
This works great.  I was a little concerned about it slipping.  Before placing it on the garage floor, I made sure to clean the area so there wouldn't be dust or sand that could help it slip.  So far, no problem at all.I was also a little concerned that it might be too narrow and I might miss it if I pull into the garage a little more to the left or right, but so far, that hasn't been a problem either.It's a handy product and works great.  The only concern now is when the car tire is at the top of the first bump, the car rolls forward and I sure hope that the mat hasn't slipped forward or else there would be a fast roll into the wall (I have about 1-2 inches of space to work with before touching the wall).
&#34;Parking Guide&#34; worked out beautifully!!.  Car tire goes over it with little effort and &#34;Guide&#34; itself stays in place when placed on top of carpeted walk off mat which I use to protect floor for all 4 tires. (Otherwise you must use adhesive tape to stick on floor which makes cleaning &#34;guide&#34; and floor difficult)  &#34;Guide&#34; is well constructed and well worth the money.No more front wall damage either!!!
Works great. Heavy duty material
Cheap Chinese slippery and hard plastic.  They slide all over.  Totally useless.  FAIL!
This Wall Guard is just two feet in length, not allowing much room for error in placement.  Plus, it will only work for one particular vehicle being parked in nearly the exact same position each time.  They could have made it a bit bigger, for the price.
The description does not give the length, and you would think that for $24 list that you are going to get 4-6 feet of bumper.  Not so, you get 24 inches.  Of course, you also get "all the hardware to install"--this is three screws not even long enough to go through wallboard to a stud and 3 small plastic anchors.  It also does not look like the picture--it is a flat piece of plastic about 24"x4" with an attaching flange.  I really didn't expect this to be much, but I was still very disappointed.  Should sell for $1.99.
My wife, being ever so picky of the simple things like a cigarette case, was quite content with the receipt of this item. It enables her to hold more than just those creatures of habit (Cigarettes)...When and if she needs another case, we will be seeking another of this same variety.
This device saw occasional use over three years for powering a laptop and other gadgets.  Ultimately, it stopped functioning consistently, with the fault light appearing more times than not.  It's too bad -- I was happy with the inverter, but expected a longer lifespan.
Note - the problem the other user had, wasn't due to the Inverter!!  Many cars have ground faults which become apparent when you have connections running from the power system (cigarette lighter) to the radio - without getting into the weeds, he (and you) would hear this hum regardless of what brand inverter you used.  Radioshack makes a special filter which would cure this, but not every car needs it (it's due to a wiring issue).
I purchased this inverter to use on my Toshiba laptop for my vehicle. It works wonderfully. I have no humming noise from it.
I bought this for long distance travel.  So I could save on Hotels...BUT ENGINE MUST BE RUNNING TO USE THIS.  Thats stinks and it was a waste of my money.  If you dont have heat in your car..well this blanket would be perfect for you.  Useless.  I wanted this for camping also...thought it would hook up to a battery of some sort.  ARGHHHHH
The thing was awkward to use, provided almost no heat on freezing New England days, and broke the third time I plugged it in, causing $40 in electrical damage to the car. But apart from that...
The engine does NOT need to be running to operate this blanket! This blanket only draws 4-6 amps and would not drain battery unless plugged in over a 18 hour period. Could it be possible that what the problem was that her outlet doesnt operate unless the key is in the On position or Accessory position?Also this blanket can be hooked up to a battery with a separate adapter(Radio Shack).In that case I would purchase a deep cycle battery and place in the rear of car.
some people have to have their engines on, it depends on the car. the cigarette lighters vary from car to car.
I love the concept of this, however, it won't stay plugged into my car lighter socket, which disappoints me. I have a 99 chevy lumina which I think is a pretty common car. Not sure if the plug on the blanket is a design flaw or just doesn't fit my car. Either way, I have to return the blanket. I'm rating it at 4 stars because its a good product, but not for MY car.  2/1/03 and I'm still waiting for my credit!!! Come on Amazon.
I bought this item about 5 months ago. I work out of my car and drive 500-700 miles a week. This business center keeps all of my items close at hand, I keep my i-pod, files, chargers etc in it. I can also store my GPS in it when not in use. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is due to the lack of ease removing the business center from my car. The bottom is soft not rigid. So when it is full, it is somewhat clumsy to remove.
This is great to keep your stuff from falling off the seat and keeping organized.
It has two minor flaws: 1. you can only install on the first floor.  2. the hole need to be precise.  You need a leveler to help to make sure that it sits right.  I don't like to have any gap or room because it will make it a lot easier for prying open the door.  I got it right after the 3rd hole was drilled.  The first time was too tight and the second time was too loose.
Excellent product.  Easy to use.  No fumbling for keys for extra security doors.  Easy to install.  I adore this product.
I highly recommend this excellent product.  With this in place, no one is coming through the front door uninvited.  It also has a second position that allows the homeowner to open the door about a half inch to talk to whoever is outside without sacrificing your security.  Unlike those flimsy door chains, this product is up to the task.  An additional use for the Door Club here in Florida is to prevent a hurricane from blowing my front door open.  Very well made, and strong.
The product plastic package is old and cracking, seems like it's been stocked for a long time. The product finish have some small scratches and rust. Although the club will be installed at the bottom of the door and it will be unnoticeable , I choose to keep it because it's just a waist of time to return it to be replaced but I want to give an advise to the seller not to ruin you reputation by sending items like this.
As a woman, I feel safe since I've had the club installed on my front door for 3 years. It took me a couple of hours to install it but girl get out your pink drill because you can do it! I'm sure my next install with go faster --buying more when I close on my new house next month. The only thing I would change is the color choices. I wish it came in black or stainless. One suggestion for install: when installing the "hook" that holds the club when not in use, install it a little higher up on the bottom of your door. I have mine installed very low so I can't take a quick glance at it to tell if its bolt locked in the floor or if its hanging on the hook since they are so closely installed. Because of this, I have to walk over and actually look closely to see if its hanging on the hook or bolted to the floor.
We installed the door club at three doors 15 years ago and they are as good as new. Great item for security. We live in a rural area and have appreciated the extra sense of security they provide. Recommend for any type of housing.
I had to drill the hole through tile, then concrete. Make sure you rent or own a good quality hammer drill and be careful drilling through tile - you might want to get a drill bit designed for tile, and another for concrete. Check out Youtube for demonstration videos on drilling into these materials. The only other obvious thing to consider is having a hole in your floor in the first place. If you think it won't lower your home value and/or you see it as a trade-off for the sake of protecting damage and losses elsewhere in your home, then this might be the best product for you. I don't care for the looks and expense of security doors, so this was my reason for using the door club.
Product should work to secure door. This is the second house I have used door club on. Had some break-ins in our neighborhood, crooks were kicking in front door. This should slow them down. I also installed them for a couple of my neighbors. Only problem was superglue that came with product was dried up. Also gold plateing on floor plate is peeling off. If it keeps unwanted people out of my house I can live with the peeling issue.
Excellent product. Very easy to install. No one is coming through this door when the Door Club is installed, very secure. I'm a pretty big guy and I could not break down the door, tried using my weight to move the door, no luck. Can't beat the price either.
it was perfect it was delivered as promised thank you. was a nice surprise to how safe we feel with it in our life
I love this little gadget.
This were not hard to install at all.  I am so glad I have them now.No way someone is getting in without being heard, if they can get it...which I doubt seriously.
This product has an elegant appearance and is very easy to install.  With it installed I feel I have secured my front entry door and can now rest in peace.
There's not a better or easier way to defeat a kickin. The door stopper is an easy way to secure your home while your there. I've seen how these can protect your home. Tragically the world is a rough place, children or the elderly can easily drop this into the floor and protect themselves. Installing in a slab foundation does require a masonry bit.  Installation is easy with just standard tools. I've installed several without difficulty.
This item is the best. I saw it at a friend of mine home. The product is truly worth the money.  Installation should be done by a professional or if you have knowledge in drills. A hole has to be drilled into the floor to install the door club.
I had a new all glass door with two sidelines and the lockes were not enough. The door club was easy to install and is extremely strong. You can turn the club two different ways so you can peek out 1inch crack without opening the door all the way and still be safe. My wife loves it. Will buy again.
We purchased a WIFI home security  system and also purchased the four  Door Clubs, they work exactly as described and are quite beautiful to look at!  The product looks small on the web site but they are substantially large, but they are not cumbersome!  They are so easy to use!We live in a housing addition of about 25 homes and there has been six break ins in the past 6  months as we are new to this addition also I felt that we were very vulnerable.  I no longer feel vulnerable!I would recommend this product to anyone!  It will requires a drill with carbide blade drill bits 3/4" we also had to buy a diamond drill bit  to make a hole in tile work.  They were installed quickly by my husband.Many thanks to The Club for making such a wonderful product!
This was straight forward to install and works amazing. Glad it was available on amazon. The screws that come with it for striker are alot stronger than original
Feel much safer with it at night.Easy to install, looks great.If you have concrete/stone floor, will need to use a rotary drill. Our hammer drill isn't strong enough, so we rented a rotary drill & drillbit from Home Depot. Once the hole is marked (width & depth) and drilled, it's really simple to install.
I am a senior citizen and have a back door that would be a prime target, for entry into the house.  I had one of these installed and with my steel door, this would hold off anyone getting through the door long enough for me to get the Smith & Wesson ready to give them a welcomed reception.  I highly recommend this for the quarry, the way it is built, and mostly, for the safety of especially, older people who are considered soft targets.  If you are a Son or Daughter, I would suggest you really think about this for an older parent or parents for your peace of mind, and theirs.
I just got done installing one of these and it went pretty much according to their instructions.  However, here are some things to keep in mind:(1) The brass plates and whatnot show up scratched and dinged, so you may not want to install it anywhere that the decor matters. Mine went in the garage, and even there it looked kinda trashy.(2) You absolutely need the right tools. Drilling the 1/4th inch pilot hole and 3/4th inch main hole in solid concrete requires a rotory hammer, not a cordless screwdriver.(3) If your door is hollow, you'll want hollow door mounts for the kickplate and bracket, since the 1/16th inch-thick door face is not thick enough for the provided screws to grab onto.(4) Likewise, check the actual size of your door's hinge screws. Chances are they're size 12, not the size 10 ones provided. Besides, you'll want to replace all of them, and that's around 24 screws per door.  Just buy a $6 50-box of 12 x 2.5&#34; wood screws and you're more than set.(5) The kit comes with a sad little tube of crazy glue to use on the hardware you install in the hole in the floor.  Toss that (it's not going to stick to the brass finish, anyway) and use some decent epoxy.All in all, it took about 2 hours to install this entire kit, including cleanup.  I don't expect it to stop someone altogether, but it will keep them from breaking in with just one kick.
Looks great and was installed quickly by my daughters maintenance person. Now she and her roommate feel safe in their apartment. I would buy this again for my other daughters and recommend it highly.
Own the door club and it is the best investment in home safety. This device will prevent anyone from breaking down your front/back doors.  It can withstand many pounds of force.  Gives extra sense of security while you sleep or are away from home.  For double doors purchase two door clubs.  Takes a little time to install (due to drilling) but worth it.  A great backup to a security system.  Especially useful since criminals sometimes find a way around dead bolts.
This seems to be a nice way of improving door security.  Surprisingly, my strike plate was held by 1/2 inch screws which could have been easily kicked in(!)Installation was fairly easy, but some people may have problems drilling the main large hole for the club.  I used a small hole saw, but a spade bit would have been easier.  If your door is on a slab, drilling concrete will be more work.The door club can be reversed to let you open the door a few inches to safely talk to people or look out, which is a nice feature.The brass finished hardware looks nice to me, but some may prefer a less noticeable solution.Other products may be easier to install but cost 4-5 times as much.  The Door Club is certainly more secure than lodging a pole under the door knob.You may be able to reinforce your door & hinges with the included three inch screws, but that wasn't an option for my door.  Still, the club has been a good solution and it didn't cost and arm & a leg.The Door Club offers more protection.  I'd definitely hear someone trying to break in (as if they could!)  It's cheap piece of mind.
This product is very easy to install in a wood floor and adds as much security against someone kicking your door in that you can get. Once I gathered my tools the install took 5-10 minutes per door. Everything mounts at the base of the door so it is not as bulky looking as you would think. If you need out your door quickly it is very simple to remove the club and exit. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Heavy duty, the Club part feels rock solid. Easy to install. Well priced. I liked that they included extra screws for you to strengthen the bolt and hinges of your door. Highly recommend this product.
I installed these in my Aunt's house after a recent break-in. She feels more secure and it would take a very strong person to enter her house with these installed.
It would get 5 stars if there was some way to lock it in place. I have glass panels that could be kicked out then an intruder could reach in and lift it out.
Quick install and is easy to use. Just drill the hole in your floor, drop the plate in, screw the hardware to the door andWA LA- more security!
I installed this myself in about 20 minutes so anyone with a drill should be able to also.It looks nice and seems to offer a lot of protection from the average person, but I am not 100% confident this would keep some drug crazed lunatic bent on killing you out.  It sure would slow them up enough for you to:  wake up or get to the phone or a weapon and be alert that something is happening.  So no surprises in any case.I am glad I bought and it and would purchase it again but I think this "plus" one of the door barricade bars is more the perfect solution for peace of mind.
I like these Door Clubs.  They are fairly simple to install and they seem very sturdy and secure.  I purchased one for each of my four exterior doors.
This &#34;door club&#34; is an excellent security addition to our home and we feel safer at night with it in place. We love the simple DIY installation of this well thought out design; just minutes to install with simple tools. Does what other more expensive items do at a value price...without compromising the rugged quality. I especially like the door hanger as it solves the problem of the club being misplaced or kicked across the room.  Have purchase one for each exterior entry door.
This is a great product. I had seen it advertised a few years ago and wanted to try it. Of course I have 2 doors so I needed one for each door. I installed them both with ease--about a half an hour each. Installed supplied longer screws for the strike plate as well as the hinges and man I have put all of my 170 lb body weight into that door and cannot budge it! My family feels much safer!!!!
My current rental house has a hollow steel front door with a window.  It might as well be a screen door for the protection it offers from a break in.  I installed the Prime Line Prod. U 9539 Strike-3 Deadbolt And Door Frame Reinforcer which does a great job strengthening the deadbolt area, but the glass in the door makes it easy to break the glass and unlock the door.I looked at the various "kick bar" and "door bar" options that push against the door at the door knob, but those are relatively large and awkward.  The Door Club (and the similar floor-mounted door blocks) was more appealing since it is less obtrusive.I chose the Door Club over the other options because of the relatively low-profile hardware required on the floor.  I didn't want a 1/2" thick slab of plastic or metal on the floor.  The design of the Door Club is great in that regard.As some other reviews have indicated, installation can be relatively easy, or quite a chore, depending on your type of floor and the tools you have available.  My house has tile floors on a wood subfloor--not one of the best combinations.  Because of the wood subfloor, I chose to install the metal reinforcing plate.Drilling through the tile floor required carbide tipped "glass and tile" drill bits for the small screw holes.  I used the 3/16" bit for the four corner holes in the tile so that the screws wouldn't crack the tile, and then made a 1/8" hole in the subfloor for the screws to bite on.For the main 3/4" center hole, the instructions say to use a 3/4" carbide tipped masonry bit.  I couldn't find a carbide bit nearly that large at my hardware store--only 10" long hammer drill bits seemed to be that large.  But Home Depot had a very cool Ridgid brand Diamond Tile Drill Bit--it's a thin hole saw with diamond grit.After buying $35 in drill bits (see photos), I used water to constantly lubricate the bit and very slowly drilled the 5 holes.  The holes came out incredibly clean--much better than I expected.Once I had the holes drilled, the installation of the reinforcing plate went smoothly, and my door is now as burglar resistant as it is going to get.I now realize I should have ordered the 'antique brass' color--the standard brass is incredibly yellow and shiny, which I don't really like.  But Amazon only had the standard brass at the time.  But if it prevents a break in, I don't care what color it is.
it took me over 2 hours to drill through my tile floor and I did have to by a special drill bit for it but it seems very sturdy. Hope Ill never have to use it..
This works great.  I have never slept so sound using this.  A door would literally have to be torn down to get into the house.
This is a great device.  It seems to do what it claims- keep a door closed. It won'tt be impossible to kick a door in if this device is installed, but it will slow a robber down and make a lot of noise, which, hopefully, will make him choose another house.  I almost hope that someone tries to kick the door in just so they rip and tear some leg muscles, tendons or ligaments since they won't be expecting the Door Club's resistance.It is easy to install if you have a cement slab.  Basically you just drill a 3/4" hole into the concrete and then slid in the Door Club.  It gets tricky if you have to install it on a plywood floor since the Door Club comes with a steel plate (probably 3x5 inches) that must be installed around the 3/4" hole for added strength (it says this plate is optional, but you probably should install it).  In my case I had to install the steel plate under a section of vinyl tile.  So I had to remove the vinyl tile and chisel out a piece of the plywood subfloor so the plate would be flush with the tile and not create a high spot.  Then I had to widen the screw holes in the plate so that the screws would sink lower into the plate so the screw heads would be flush with the plate.  This was more than I hoped for, but still worth it.  For a rug, the directions say to cut an X in the carpet so you can slide the plate under and screw it in to the floor without being too noticeable.  I think with carpet you would not notice that the plate and screws are higher than the rest of the floor (so no chiseling).The package comes with several long, super strong screws for the hinges on the door and the deadbolt strike plate.  THe only problem is that there are not enough screws for all of the hinges.I bought the "antique brass" finish hoping that it was actually silver and match my satin nickel locks and hinges.  In the picture it looks like it is silver, but it is in fact a very dull brass.  Doesn't match my locks exactly, but good enough since they don;t make it in silver.[...]
Even though I live in a relatively safe area, we hear more and more about home invasion robberies. Almost all door locks are shabby superficial things that just slide into the door frame and only offer a moment's hesitation to any would-be baddy. The door club holds the door in place with a bar that fits two inches into the solid substance of the floor. It really was easy to install with a drill and a screwdriver. I suppose a really large, strong person might be able to eventually get the door open with this in place, but it would give me plenty of time to wake up, call 911, and reach for and release the safety on my &#34;secondary security system&#34;.
this is definitely a heavy duty piece of hardwarelook forward to installingand the feeling of security thatwill come with having this installedwill def get more
The Door Club is easy to install but make sure you have the right drill bit.  I had to go to Lowes because the slade they put under the floor.  It takes a special drill bit to cut through it.  Once I had that I had the 2 I purchase installed in 25 minutes and it will take a tank to open my door.
I saw this as the ultimate in home security. Since my big fear is to have someone in my house who broke down my door while I am home I always have them on my door. It makes me feel very safe. I borrowed a Hammer Drill from my Dad and had this installed in about 40 min on both doors. I also have an alarm on my house but I have seen how long it takes for help to arrive and I am not one to keep the alarm on while I am home so these provide the right amount of security for my family. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Once is installed properly it is a great security. Easy to move and easy to put it back. The only negative is the hole you have to dril on the hardwood floors in my case, but I am planning to leave it there for a while.
Would recommend this security device to anyone.  Was going to purchase the stick door security device, but reviews were not good.
I installed two of these bad boys in my house, front and back door, about two weeks ago.  I have a concrete slab foundation and thankfully had a hammerdrill to make the holes.  In turn the front and back door are nearly impossible to break down now, someone would literally have to knock the door off the hinges or rip it out the opposite direction to get in.  My wife was greatfull when she was home alone with the kids and on two seperate occasions at night strangers came knocking.  The door club can be turned around and slipped back into place to allow the door to be opened and inch or two to allow the person inside to talk without compromising safety.  When not in use it hangs up nicely on the door with a provided hanger.  Excellent, inexpensive, and secure.
The Club functions well and serves as  somewhat of a visible deterrent. Perhaps the &#34;bad guy&#34; will look elsewhere to do his dastardly deed...lol.
I live on the Texas/Mexico border and bought this Club after someone broke in to my 2005 Chevy Silverado and took my stereo. I was lucky that was all they took. This Club is easy to slip onto the steering wheel every time I leave the truck, and is long enough to extend past the stereo and discourage a thief who might want that instead of the whole truck. The Club started to stick after about a year, but a little bit of spray-on grease on the inner rod made the whole thing as good as new again.
This is really the way to go if you have a truck I have a chevy and recently thought maybe I should have a bit more security besides the alarm system. I can assure you no one is going to turn the wheel on a vehicle with this wheel lock on there. The laser cut keys are also very nice, and very secure.
I'm overall very pleased with the whole transaction. The club's themselves were a great buy! The shipping was prompt. I'll shop here again!!
I could have bought a cheaper steering wheel lock, but I decided to go with the BEST!  The new high-tech keys are obviously superior to the others on the market !!!!!  Thanks for the quick shipping and exceptional service!  My wife and I will be using your website more often in the future.  Thanks - Don
Very, very nice product.  I've got nothing negative to say about the way it works or whether I think it would slow a thief down.  Very heavy duty, easy to install and remove and uses a key the likes of which I've never seen before - the key is just totally unique.The coating on the product is a bit stinky and had my truck smelling odd for awhile but that seems to be diminishing - or I'm just getting used to the stink =8-).When I'm ready to drive I remove it and set it on the floorboard of the back seat.  The club will usually rattle from vibration while driving.  I end up jacking with it until the rattling stops....while driving.  Just sayin.These are some pretty small nits but FYI for you.I'm glad I have it and would buy it again.
Well I received the product before the promised delivery time. Build quality is very robust. Lock is quite good. But I agree with other people that is only a deterrent to prevent auto theft, as the steering can be cut open. Adding some other deterrents and preventive measures can help in preventing autuo theft.
I was looking for an extra large steering wheel club and this one works well on my full sized F-250.  Easy to install and remove and a bright red color so it's easy to see.
I have 5 of these things in use in my busy driveway. They are longer and more effective if needed than the smaller version. I have never had a minute of trouble with any of them.
Seems simple enough to describe it as beefy, decently constructed, and seems like it will fit any vehicle even though it's advertised as being for trucks. I've never owned one before, so don't have a wealth of experience to draw on. At this point I don't know why I'd ever mess around with anything different. Considering getting a second one for the other vehicle.Cons are that when first taken out of the package it smells really bad, like a toxic plastic. It has a warning on it about being a carcinogen and washing your hands after handling. It was bad enough that I couldn't leave it in my car for the first week. It'd give me a headache. I left it out on the porch for a few days and it seemed to dissipate.My truck has not been stolen or messed with in the three weeks I've had it.
Absolutely THE BEST. We love this product on our Land Cruisers. Thank you.
We used this on our Penske when we moved cross country and it really helped us feel secure about all of our worldly belongings.  I'm not sure if we needed ths SUV size... we were still using one of the lower extension settings, but at any rate glad I bought it.  It came with three keys, perfect for scatterbrains.
This is very easy to put on and take off,added security against theft of my truck.Nice red color is easy to see through window.
I have used this item for 5 years without failure It is more of a hinderance to thief.  If they want the vehicle bad enough, nothing will stop them.
I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday. He has an older Toyota 4runner, and travels frequently into the city. We had some concerns about the safety of the car, so this seemed like a good idea. So far, so good! I had thought to just purchase the regular size, but decided instead to purchase the SUV/truck size. I am glad I did. Even if someone gets into the car, there is no way they could steer it because this club is quite long. I recommend the product to anyone with concerns about their vehicles safety, especially older cars (which seem to be easier to break into).
Being a little olde school, I'd been looking for this sized "club" for a number of years before it occurred to me to check with the source...Amazon.It's the right size for a truck and locks itself as you extend it unlike its predecessors. I chose free shipping and had it in five days.
We have a $123.000, van and i feel that this is the best that we could Put  it.Yes we have a built in alarm, but this Club can be seen from the out side.
The new version of the Truck Club is great and easy to use!It auto locks into it's fully extended position with easy.Plus with the new design you don't need to use the key to lock it into place. Yes, I'm sure if someone really wants to steal my 2007 FJ they will, but the idea is to make it more trouble than the car parked next to yours so hopefully any car thief will move-on to the next person's car.It's a physical and visual deterrent that is much cheaper than my insurance deductible.
Works well on my pathfinder. Super quick to take on and off. I like that I can get into my truck first then while seated can take it off. Only things to note is that it's quite heavy and that when you pick it up to put it on keep the pull out end upwards or else it will slide out and you will have to use your key to unlock and shorten. A bit of a pain in the rear until you get used to it. Love the fact that you can lock it to your wheel without using the key.
well i have had this for about a year and still have not had my truck stolen, so it must be working
We use this on a 2000 Toyota Tacoma, and it is just the right size.  Not too long or too short.  The original sized club was too short but would probably work anyway.  I can't see driving any vehicle with a foot of bar sticking out the side of the steering wheel.This is mostly a deterrent for the amateur car thief/joy-rider as a pro would know how to defeat it.
Had this for about one month used it 5 times and it broke. What a hunk of junk. Returned it.
Amazon delivered! Both the item I ordered and on time! Amazing! Finally a business that follows thru on their advertising AND promises. Great service.As a side note, do not go to the Rio Grand Valley driving a late 1990's to mid 2000's GM product pickup (any and all) or you will have it stolen in broad daylight- bold as brass!! We were there 2 days when an attempt was made . They can get in and start the truck as fast as you can with a key. GM is the simplest to steal. If we had been 2 minutes slower returning to the truck it would have been GONE! The Club will make your truck NOT the easiest to steal in the parkinglot.
I bought this to replace a older version of the same item, after the last key for it broke.  This newer version came with three keys and works as advertised.  Unlike the older version, the key only has one position in which the key may be removed.  When not in use, the end extends and can come out, but it is not able to be pushed back in unless the key is used.
After somebody tried to steal my pickup truck twice in a month, a police officer told me to be aware that the bad people was coming back for my truck... He recommended buying The Club although he was very specific not to buy the kind they sell at Wal-Mart. He told me to look around for a Club made specifically for trucks like mine, a GMC 2006. I was glad to find it at AMAZON and I don't regret it, maybe it is twice as expensive but it's worth the price... I still have my truck...Update: 5 years in a row... I still have my Club... I still have my truck... 1/10/2012
The portion of the quad club that sits over the airbag in my Honda Civic sits so far off the steering wheel it seems that a thief could still remove the airbag without cutting the club. I had originally purchased a traditional model club which I think may actually provide better protection against air bag theft. The traditional club while not having the extra bars covering the airbag at least seats against the horn/airbag component. For large cars/trucks the quad club may be great but for a small car like a civic it sits too far off the airbag.
I just bought this newer version of The Club to help protect my airbag, which was recently stolen from my new vehicle. The old one was very difficult to manuveur over the airbag section of the steering wheel without scratching it up.  This one fits very nicely and is applied very easily.  It also has 4 prongs instead of 2, which would take a thief more time to remove.  I'm not saying that my airbag (or vehicle) is thief proof, but The Club does act as a deterrent.
Product fit my truck like the air bag protection. I also liked the manufacturing and detailed item, with ease of deploying.
it's great little cumbersome however it;s what I wanted... I have my dog in the car and felt unsafe with the windows cracked open
I like this because you can see it very well from outside the vehicle.  It will deter the 'opportunistic' thief.  If someone really wants your car, they will get it no matter what, but this provides a simple level of security.  I would recommend this.
I ordered the Club 7500 Quad and recieved it in just a few days. I am presently trying to figure out how to send this item back! First the keys didn't want to slide into the lock. Then after I finally got the key in the @%# thing it won't lock. If I try to force it I'm sure the key will break off then I'm stuck with a $44.00 door stop. I've ordered from Amazon.com a lot, but this has really changed my opinion of them. This item is pure crap!
I received the PMJ8160 for a father's day present and have used it for running a 7 watt fan all night long on a camping trip.  It worked well for that, but with hurricane gustav, I really needed some power and needed to power my internet modem so I could connect with work and family/friends to let them know I was okay...  the modem only uses 13 watts; thus at 18 amp hours one would think that I would get from 12 - 13 hours out of it.  I got a little over 2...Today, I had a dead battery in my Toyota Sienna and tried to start it with a fully charged PMJ8160...nothing.  I am rather dissapointed in this product and really cannot recommend it to anyone...go to Harbor Freight and get the Chicago Electric version for a lot less...
where can i find a fuse for the power cord,i like the powermate however i am having trouble locating the correct size fuse to fit the power cord.thank you for any info.
I've owned one of these Coleman units for five years.  I keep it plugged in and ready for use with a power inverter to provide AC power for a lamp or radio during a power outage.  Never had to jump a car with it  (looks like that was a good thing).  After five years, I noticed that it is no longer holding a charge.  The built in lamp glows but only at half power.  The power supply/charger is working fine so it appears that the internal battery is shot.I have a similar starter kit made by Sears that I've had for almost ten years and still works great for jumping cars and running a small lamp during power failures.
I purchased this system several years ago to use in an emergency...of course.  Well, nothing on it every worked.  The inflator makes the sound but it does not pump air...also the built in gauge doesn't work.  I recently tried to jumpstart my car in an emergency, of course, it didnt work.  I dont think Coleman makes this anymore but if you see one for sale, dont buy it.
My Coleman Jumpstart unit has never been used. It will not take a charge. Has been connected to electricity for 24 hours, red light is the only light on. Can any one help? Very unhappy in Wisconsin!! Buying this Coleman product was like throwing money away.  Beware!!
I bought a fifth wheel toyhauler a year ago.  It came with a really cheap Chinese version of this, which didn't work at all.  The dealer replaced it with one of these Coleman units.  I charged it, but never used it until yesterday.  I was told it was meant for jumpstarting ATVs and motorcycles, so I can understand it not working well on a larger vehicle.But yesterday, my little Honda Prelude wouldn't start, and I thought I would give this thing a try.  Sure enough, it worked... BARELY.  It worked again this morning too.  I think I'm due for a new battery and alternator in the car, so that's my next move.  Meanwhile, this little thing will definitely be kept handy from now on.
I'd give it -1 star if I could.  Won't jump a dead battery and Coleman won't have anything to do with it so God help you if you lose/misplace/break a part.  More Chinese cr@p for our US landfills.
nice for keeping things aligned more than for keeping them from drifting back.  BUY FOUR - I only bought two and really you need four to get the full use.
These have made a big difference with the bed liner with grooves that I have. They keep things from sliding around or having to tie things down. Very well constructed. Would recommend to those who have this type of problem.
The ionizer green light doesn't go on it only worked two times then it stopped.I don't know if the product is doing its job at all now since the light isn't going on .
There is a little metal tooth thing inside this monkey that looks like it wants you to touch it, but if you pry the top off with a wrench and stick body parts in there to touch it, you better be grounded buddy because you're in for the ride of your life. This thing must have a 87 jiggawatt capacitor in there or something because I blacked out and didn't wake up for 4 hours after touching it, and it wasn't even plugged in at the time. I can't stop blinking lately either. Be careful when dissecting this little tazer-wannabe!!!
I have had one in my car since it was new. everyone comments that it still has a new car smell. car is 7 years old. got one for my wife working just as well
I put a Sharper Image Ionic Breeze Car Ionizer in my 2002 Honda Civic the day I bought it and when I traded it in ealier this year, the car still smelled new inside.  I now have a new 2007 Honda Fit and just purchased a new Ionic Breeze to keep it smelling clean and fresh for the next five years.  I clean the collection ring once a month and that's all there is to keep it in perfect working order.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I have used this impact for over 3 1/2 years on a daily basis.I have replaced the batteries twice during its lifetime and this tool is still running strong. A definite must-have for your tool box. When and if this one wears out, the next one will be another DeWalt.
This is a tool you can't believe until you use it.  Compared with regular battery-powered drills, it's small, light, and "only" 12 volts.  But put it to work -Drive a 4" screw into tough, old lumber - no challenge.  Put on a hex head and drive a 3/8" lag bolt into that same old lumber -it just goes in.  And you can do all this with one hand.  Get drill bits that fit the hex chuck, and it drills holes easily.Need to drive screws all day?  Or nuts and bolts?  Or just a few to fix the fence?  Get one.  I just made a set of bookshelves out of MDF, and drilled over 1,000 holes for the shelf brackets to fit into.  My regular drill was tough to use and proved to hard to make the holes accurately.  I switched to the Impact Driver with the drill and the rest of the job went perfectly.You can get a full set of hex drivers and drill bits, as well as screwdriver bits to get full use from the tool.  Go for it.
This isn't so much a review about this 12-Volt unit as it is a critique on DeWalts decision not to provide an 18-Volt version to their loyal customers. DeWalt markets their 12V and 14.4V Cordless Impact Wrench Kits, but what about one for their ever popular 18-Volt line??? Personally, I prefer to save and standardize whenever possible, hence my decision to stick with their 18-Volt line of cordless tools. Standardizing to a 18V battery allows all of my batteries to work with all of my cordless tools. The power of their 18V units pack enough strength to handle just about any job. Why not offer that with their 1/2&quot; impact wrench line? Especially when you consider the work an impact wrench does. If DeWalt is testing the market to see if Cordless Impact Wrenches will sell by putting out 12 and 14.4V versions, it would seem the wrong way to go. These tools (Impact Wrenches) aren't the meat and potatoes of tool manufacturer's lines, and I would hate to see DeWalt discontinue making them due to low sales, because of folks like myself who are going to wait for the real tool (an 18V version) to hit the market.
This is by far one of the best cordless impact guns I've used.  I'm a mechanic and one of the most frequently used tools in the shop is a cordless impact gun.  It's an indispensable tool so quality, reliability and flexibility is a MUST.  In terms of sheer size/weight/length/torque it's worth every penny.
this impact is very strong ang very tough.  I work as a toyota mechanic for a dealer and since we found out about the dewalt 3/8 impact everyone got one.  ive used one daily for about 3 years and it still runs strong, i even bought a second one for home use. out of about 30 guys in my shop not one has had any problems, and they all got theirs from amazon.
I am a professional carpenter and I own 5 other Dewalt 12V drills that I am very happy with. When the impact drivers came out I was a little skeptical about their worth, but after using one once, I will never use my drill to drive screws!!! It drives screws so tight that you can hardly break them loose by hand! I am sold on using an impact driver instead of a drill to drive screws. The variable speed is great but I would like to be able to adjust the torque depending on the task at hand. It is so light and compact, It's great for hanging cabinets. You will break alot of tips but it's worth it. Overall it is the only tool for driving screws or fastners of any kind. I even got 1/4" and 3/8" socket adapters and use it in the garage!!
I am a professional mechanic and have used many cordless impact drivers. This is the best I have run across. I wish it was 14.4 volt so it would use the same batteries as drill but that is my only complaint. Plenty of power will break non impact sockets and small bolts beware. Lightweight and powerful. I will buy 18volt 1/2&quot; impact in future when funds allow.My recomendation BUY IT!
This is a great buy and trust me you wont find a better price.  I love this tool, it saves me a lot of time at work and is actually really lite.  I know that almost every technician i work with at my dealership uses this tool and they all love it.
Not totally true but we dont use 'em as much for sure.Love the3/8 and the1/2 inch both.If I were buying one though,the 3/8 drive 12 volt gets used a lot more IN THE SHOP.Lighter,smaller, etc.. But it still has some thump to it too.Suprised me, and the 1/2 dr. would have lost me a bet the first time I saw it in action.. it's a HOSS!
Having used many different brands of cordless drill/drivers over the past 15 years, I was curious about this new wave of impact drivers.  I had the chance to use this DeWalt driver (a friend's) and I can report that I was extremely impressed with it.  In all fairness, this isn't a comparison since I have never used any of the competitor's impact drivers, but the DeWalt was more than I thought it would be.Power - there's all you would ever want here.  I was driving 3" screws into treated lumber and quickly noticed two things.  The driver didn't hesitate while driving the screws home and compared to my standard drill/driver I had to apply much less pressure on the rear of the gun to keep the bit from slipping on the screw head.Size/Weight - You don't notice how much a good drill/driver weighs until you use something like this that is more powerful and yet weighs less.  Though the size is tiny compared to what I am used to, it doesn't feel unnaturally so.Value - though this is probably the best tool I have ever used to drive a screw, it is expensive so the vaulue per dollar isn't what it could be.  If I were starting from scratch on a collection of tools, I would think seriously about this one.  As it is, I already have two DeWalt drill/drivers and will probably not justify replacing them at this cost.Overall, this is a great tool that I feel justifies the impact driver craze that is currently going on.  If you build decks for a living, run to buy one of these.  If you are a weekend warrior, get more bang for your buck by getting a good deal on a 12-14.4 volt drill/driver instead...
I own a number of 12v DeWalt tools and have always found them to offer an excelent balance between weight, size, and power, so when I decided to buy an impact wrench I went with a trusty 12v again. I have not been sorry. It is amazing what this tool and it's 1000 lb/in of torque can do. For those of you that "must" have the tools used on Hometime or other home show of choice, go ahead and spend the extra money for the 18v gear. Then enjoy it's extra weight and size. Ever tried installing a sink with an 18v driver? Oh, you haven't lived yet. In most cases if you need more oomph than a pro quality 12v tool can provide, you need a corded tool. That has never been more true than it is with this 12v impact wrench. It can break bolts unless some restraint is used. How much more power does one need?
This is the best of both worlds. A small light, extremely portable impact gun but with all the power. The 1/2" drive allows for heavy duty work. I use this mainly for automotive work and it will remove wheel lugs by itself which speeds things up tremendously. Despite the 12 volt battery size the Dewalt maintains its 75% of its power throughout its battery life which can be up to 5-6 hours when working consistently.  Highly recommended if you don't want the bother of a compressor system.
I've used the DeWalt 18 volt driver/hammer drill for years, and I really have thought it was a good product.  I once dropped my drill from a second story and after it bounced a few times it still worked, so I've been convinced that the DeWalt product was a decent brand.I recently got this 14.4 impact and have loved using it.  It's lighter than the 18 volt I'm used to and easy to handle.  It drives long screws no problem.  There are no dials to turn, no speeds to set and the battery seems to last a long time.  I've used it for setting electrical finish, which takes a light touch, to drilling holes in stucco with a masonary bit (doing what I normally would have used the &quot;hammer drill&quot; function for).I do know carpenters that swear by the Makita impact driver, so I can't compare brand to brand, but if you've always used a normal driver drill and haven't yet tried out the impact driver, you're in for a treat.  It really does a much better job.And to think, I used a Yankee back in the day, and I'm not that old,,,,,well ok, I'm pushing forty, but still, I cut my teeth with a Yankee screwdriver,,,,,how far things have come.
I have many other 12 and 18 volt DeWalt tools. This impact wrench may not replace a compressor and air impact wrench for cars but it sure drives screws and bolts easier than all other screwguns. It makes light work of driving a 3&quot; screw in hard maple without predrilling. It will not bust your nuckles when driving the big screws in hard woods. It dimples drywall beautifully. I will take this over any screwgun of any make.
I think 3.5 stars might be more accurate, but I'll give it the benefit of the doubt with four stars.It sure beats having to lug around an air compressor. I live in a second story apartment and I get tired just thinking about lugging an air compressor around, not to mention my roommates would probably kill me for cluttering the living room with a huge tank. I especially like how compact the driver is. Combined with a universal joint and some extensions, there hasn't been a bolt I couldn't get too (so far).I am a little bit disappointed, though. It had some trouble trying to dislodge some tough, rusted bolts, but it might just be that my expectations were too high considering it isn't an 18 volt unit. Also, in my case, the batteries don't seem to store too well. I had a fully charged battery sit for 3 days...afterwards, it couldn't generate enough torque to take off lugnuts. I guess there's a reason it comes with two batteries.As an alternative, I've had some people suggest buying a snap-on 14.4 volt, and trimming some of the plastic so allow it to accept 18 volt batteries. The thing is, that unit isn't near as compact as the DeWalt driver.
I need an impact wrench to loosen and tighten lugnuts on my car for when I change tires when I race.Unit has ample power to loosen lugnuts. Good runtime. Very well made. Very light. Very small, easy to use.I don't use it to any extremes, but should be very useful for most people.Not having a cord - priceless
I would only recommend this tool to someone who uses it for home.  I am a contractor whom owns numerous Dewalt cordless tools and am disappointed in most. I own the 14v and the 12v impacts, and in a matter of 6 months of daily use they have both burned up arbors. The batteries will not keep a charge close to origional. B&amp;D service centers have repaired both under warrenty, but they will not admit to any design flaw. &quot;Heavy Duty&quot;, I don't think so.
The Motowasher really works great for washing my motor home and siding on my house. The battery always seems to out last me and charges fast so it is ready by the time I have rested. Would definately reccomend it for any one with a lot of things to clean like boats, cars &amp; motor homes.
What I want, and ordered, is the aerosol, as pictured.  I received a new product, which is a &#34;mist&#34;.  The mist is heavy, falls to the floor, and leaves a wet, somewhat sticky spot.  The aerosol is a better product.  I hope they are still manufacturing it.  I sent the &#34;mist&#34; back for a refund.
This air freshener lasts a good while, a few hours, gets rid of odors fast. Will purchase again.
Works fine...but not for super heavy materials. If you have a dozen 16ft sections of lumber, for example, and need to transport them, this will work great. Of course this cannot be as stable as putting the same  lumber inside a bed, or fully enclosed but its good for ocassional use.
You can spend more for a truck bed extender but I'm not sure why you would want or need to. I purchased this for my Chevy Sliverado Z71 crew cab. It is about 7'-10&#34; to the lip of the tail-gate, so 16' boards would tip and needed a lot of ballast to keep them in the bed.WIth this extender I brought home all the lumber for 100' of fence in one trip.  All the 16-foot 2x4's loaded much more easily and probably saved me 20 minutes of tieing down--not to mention the added safety and stability during transit.Once my friends know I have one they will probably be borrowing it.
I do remodeling work and often need to haul material that is not only too long for my truck bed but dangerous to haul as well.  The Bed Extender solves this problem.  I was actually amazed how well this item worked.  1- 24' 2x8, 2- 20' 2x10s, 20- 14' 2x6s in a 5 1/2' short bed truck.  I was skeptical at first but not now.  I would echo the comments of another review in that the holes for the pin insert in the hitch need to be located further into the tube.  I think you would get less stress on the end of the tube that way.  Regardless this item works well and is most definitely worth the money.
I have a F-150 crewcab - I am a woodworker and haul long wood on a regular basis.  This handles 16' - no problem.
I needed a way to carry a kayak on my softop Jeep Wrangler.  This works perfectly when combined with a light bar on the front.
No issues. It has been great. I use to haul a 16' Old Town Stillwater canoe in the bed of a Tacoma with a 5-1/2 to 6' long bed. I place in bed with canoe positioned up as if in water. I put a couple of straps on and I'm good to go. Longest trip in this way was about 45 miles and I didn't have any issues. Make sure you hang the flag. I'm not sure if I would haul in the bed at night. Maybe for a short distance I could rig some blinking lights.
This product was purchased to extend our truck for our canoe, my hubby loves it. My husband said he would definitely use it to tranport lumber too.
This is great. I use it to support my Standup Paddle Board and long kayaks. It's solid and well built.
Pros:-Easy to put up ( 1-2 min)-Easy to take off (1-2 min)-stows away flat when not in use-Easily Adjustable-Product Secure/ stable +(fast shipping)-Objects more securely fastened in less time-Met and exceeded expectationsCons:-I regret not buying when I purchased the Canoe.Experience:I stopped using my Canoe because it was a pain to secure to my roof rack, Took long to mount and unmount, It was not secure even with all the equipment and ties I utilized.  Upon receiving, I mounted product and Canoe in half the time and it was fully secured in the highway as apposed to my previous experiences without product.
I have a 6' bed on my truck and this extends so I can carry plywood lumber and ladders. Fast and easy set ups and stores easy in my shed.
This product fit on my truck, but it rattles quite a bit.  You need to do a really good job of securing it to feel comfortable.  Haven't actually used it yet because I'm just not sure if it will actually hold the kayak.  My opinion could change once I use it.
great product for my husbands needs now it is very easy to load and unload kayak third hand for older people
I have a 2011 Suzuki Equator/Nissan Frontier truck which has a short bed.  This bed extender enables me to easily transport my Native Watercraft Manta Ray 14.5 ft. kayak.  Works great for my needs!1
Got the #944 Extend-A-Truck to haul a kayak around. One modification I made was to wrap some material around the T-piece to prevent the kayak from getting scratched up during transport. I could have bought some foam blocks specifically made for similar kayak carriers (~$20 or more) but for just a couple of $ I opted to get a roll of kitchen drawer anti-slip mat and taped it to the T-piece with some duct tape, now no scratches during transport.
I bought this for my canoe I recently bought.  It is great, the 2 of us can load and unload the canoe in very little time.  A very great item for hauling something such as a canoe or kayak.
I use mine on my highlander suv in the upright position. I gets me the added length I need for my kayak to fit my rack.
The Xtend-o-Truck is a huge hit with me and my buddies.  It's a perfect accessory for fun and recreation.  We used to recreate with just a tow rope behind the pickup, but this here gadget is a lot easier and a lot more fun!My buddy Lucas Tubbs used to work down at the RV repair shop.  They up and fired him for livin in the RVs that was parked on the lot.  When a new RV come in for fixin he'd move his liquor and pot pies into it and stay there till the next RV came in and then move again.  I don't think they'd have caught him neither if he didn't keep takin the RVs out on grocery runs.  He should have known that if he was drivin them RVs when he shouldn't be, sooner or later he'd wind up high centered on top of a pretzel stand in front of the baseball stadium and he'd have a world of explainin to do.  It's just a matter of time and probabliabilities.  Anyway, as he was leavin the repair shop for the last time he stoled all them rollin dolley gadgets that they use to slide under the RVs and brought them back to the trailer park for us to play with.We made up a game then usin these dolley thingies called Bump-the-Bed (it aint as naughty as it sounds).  Lucas or me drives the pickup truck through the park and tows someone behind who's ridin on one them dolley thingies (it's like water skiing without the water or the skis).  I don't get down to the lake much cause of the whole house arrest thing, so this is the perfect way for me to recreate.  Anyway, the game was to drive over the speed bumps in the park at just the right speed, then slam on the brakes.  That way whoever's ridin behind hits the speed bump, flies into the air, and (if you're playin the game right) lands in the bed of the pickup.  You get extra points for doin fancy tricks while you're in the air.  You have an old matress or inflatiated kiddie pool there in the bed of the truck to catch them.  Old cans or bottles work pretty good too.  Except you don't want them glass bottles ... I have to admit that I shoulda thought that through better before loadin up the truck bed with them empty Budweiser bottles.The problem with Bump-the-Bed usin a tow rope then was that if you weren't hittin the speed bump just right dead straight, the person bein towed missed the bed of the pickup.  There'd be too many times when I'd hit the bump, slam on the brakes, then hear this thud right next to where my driver's door would be if I had one.  I don't know how, but one time I actually managed to get my cousin Teeter all the way over my truck bed and into the driver's seat of that convertible FireBird in Clifford McNaugher's yard!  We tried a good 5 or 6 more times to do it again, but that was a one in a million shot and Teeter was startin to act a little screwey so we stopped.  He was yellin stuff about "Green Sharks" fightin "Blue Sharks" and his left foot kept turnin around facin backwards, so we knew he'd had enough fun for one day.... but I digest ... I'm sposed to be talkin about the Xtend-o-Truck.  Now that we have this Xtend-o-Truck, the person on the back is always lined up straight!  So, when we hit the speed bump he (or she if the girls aint too warn down from the mornin sickness) always flies just one direction: straight toward the truck.  We learned pretty fast that you need to do a little hop right before the truck stops though.  Otherwise you just wrap your bodily middle sections around the crossbar of the Xtend-o-Truck and it takes a day or two to walk upright and propper again.  If you time it just right you can use the bar to sprang up in the air and do some amazin flips and poses before hittin the truck!  I even got a few new dents in the HOOD of my truck from Lucas sprangin off the crossbar just right!Now I should probably say here that I don't condom other folks playin Bump-the-Bed (even with the Extend-o-Truck) cause we're semi-perfesionals at this sport and you other folks who aint as practiced in the finer points of self-pervesation may get yourself gimped up if you was to try it.  At least don't attempt it without propper safety gear.  Wear a cup to protect your vitals.The only complaint I have about this fine product then is that the Extend-o-Truck is sold one at a time, but it's obvious that the manufactuerers intend you to buy at least 2.  It's a little misleading ... like selling only on Bagmitten racket at a time.  You can't fully enjoy the game until you buy the second Bagmitten racket, and you can't play their "Capture the Red Flag" game without a second truck and Extend-o-Truck.  Why would they include this red flag if it wasn't to tease you into buyin the second Extend-o-Truck?  One of them sly marketing ploys.  Once we get another Extend-o-truck and Teeter gets his pickup runnin again, we're gonna be off to the Walmart parkin lot to play.  We would play here in the trailer park, but the speed bumps would make it just too difficult.  You'd be speedin along, catchin up to the other truck, reachin out, just about to grab the other truck's red flag and win the game, when BOOM ... SPEED BUMP and you're wrapped around the cross bar of the Extend-o-Truck so tight that they have to pry you off with a crow bar.All in all, a great product ... I know we're gonna buy at least 1 more as soon as possible.
Perfect for carrying my kayak. Easy to install and a good amount of adjustment. Fast shipping and a great price.
Perfect for hauling a canoe with a short bed truck.  Solid construction and heavy gauge. I haul a 16' canoe out the back of my 06 Tacoma (5.5' bed) and works great.  You just have to watch out since the end of the canoe rides low, but this is not the product's fault.  Very pleased.
I bought this after constantly having to go through pains of trying to transport 16' baseboard or lumber longer than 8 feet in the 5 1/2 foot bed of my pickup... The final straw was when I lost a load of 4x8 sheating that slipped out of my bed (yes a total rookie move and more than embarrasing)... Happended just as I pulled up to the jobsite with my crew having quite the laugh... This has been a lifesaver in many ways... I simply leave it in the bed of my truck and can have it setup in 2 minutes when needed... It's suprisingly strong and handles plenty of weight... If there was one thing I would change, it would be the ability to adjust the distance it extends from the bed.... For 4x8 sheating/drywall, I only need it to adjust out a couple of feet beyond the bed... But since its fixed at 4 feet, I have to pull the sheating out from the back of my bed and most of the weight is now resting on the extender and the bed gate... Not a huge deal, as it seems to handle it just fine, but I could get even heavier loads if only a couple of feet of my lumber rested on the extender, as now the extender would be used more for tie down... I've since seen bed extender models that do adjust in length and perhaps one day I will change out... But for now, this unit is working just fine...
I used the product for the first time today, and as far as I'm concerned, it's already paid for itself. My truck, though full-size, only has a 5-1/2' bed. I needed to carry 16' long lumber. This product was the answer. Easy (child's play) to install, simple concept, very effective in doing what it's supposed to do - extend the carrying capacity of your vehicle. May not need it often, but I'm sure glad I got it.
works excellent with my hobie mirage kayak!!! very happy with this purchase!  definately would buy it again, if i needed another!
Bought this to haul a 12 foot garage door bought from my local Menard's. Drove about 300 miles with it strapped down in my pick-up. Better option then renting a trailer. Got it home and showed it to my pops. He liked it so much that I gave it to him. Great for those hauling long items and quite solid and durable.
Have used the bed extender so far to haul lumber to jobsites. works good but you should use common sense as to how much you think you should load up the rack. I use mine in conjunction with my headache rack and keeps the truck looking good when not hauling materials. Make sure you have plenty of rope or straps as you need to secure the rack as well as the load.
We bought this rack for two 12' kayaks.  They fit flat in our GMC truck bed and we rachet strap their sterns to the back cross bar used in the horizontal position.  We then use flat rubber bungi cords to fasten the bows to the hooks up front.  They hold just great even over bumpy dirt roads getting to the lake.  We did have to buy a simple hitch for $59.00 as we did not have a hitch of any kind, but we would have had to do that anyway no matter what we bought.  This has made it easy for my husband and me to load the kayaks and go! The extender does not lie perfectly straight out as in the picture--it does bend a little.
I was amazed how adjustable this is, so it fits my truck perfectly.  I bought it to extend the bed, but really like the option of configuring up high to match the cab roof-line, to haul ladders, etc.  Very innovative product.
Hitch extender is good for Kayak transport and allows me to secure slippery kayaks to bed, with minimal effort. There are rings on Tee, allow straps and Bunge Cords to effortlessly secure boats to bed.  After securing Kayaks in place with Rope and cords, this method of support and tiedown of ends of Kayaks just makes sense.  Good product, Well made and painted with good coating for corrosion resistance.  Stores easily or hangs from hooks on Garage wall, though it is somewhat weighty.  Yo lil' mamma will struggle to move it, but that's why you have one! Also mounts to support cab level or bed rack level loads like ladders. The ladies will like it's slender frame. You yakkers with hitches, should get you one!
We have a 4 door pick up with a 5 1/2 foot bed. We own two canoes, one is 15 feet long and the other is 17 feet long. For years we have put them on top of the truck which made it difficult to reach and limited us to using only one at a time, or we had to borrow other peoples trailers. We looked at purchasing a small trailer, but they are so expensive we couldn't justify the money. Then we saw the Darby 944 Extend-A-Truck extender, so we ordered it. We are pleased with the quality of the product as it is made of heavy steel and very sturdy. We have used it several times and are thrilled with the fact that we can now haul both our canoes and they're at waist level which makes them easier to maneuver.  We find that with just a few straps, especially on the sides, that both canoes ride piggy-back on the extender and are very secure with very little movement. We also purchased a small light to clip onto the end of the canoes in case we find ourselves traveling in the dark. We love how easy it is to adjust, remove and store. We are very happy with the Extend-A-Truck. We give it an A+.
So far so good.  Very sturdy product.  Was a little dirty and packaging was beat up but no damage.  I've only used it in the extended out mode, meaning not up mode.  I bought the foam pads that fit this product, they are pretty pricey but work great.Update 9/16/13I've used this product to carry my Tsunami 140 kayak on a 2012 base Toyota Tacoma PU dozens and dozens of times.  I can literally install the extender and load my 14' kayak in 5 minutes time.  I've traveled long distances and at 70 mph with no issues.
I have been using it for 20 foot ladders and 16 foot lumber works perfect on top of the cab or out of the bed.
I bought this for hauling my new canoe.  Works great, well built and priced right.  Can't say enough good things about this product!!!!!!!!!!!
I have a short bed truck and rarely need a longer bed.  But those times I do this product works great.  It's easy to use and be configured to the bed of the truck or the roof.  There are also height adjustments.  The cross bar is held by a hitch pin with a cotter pin to hold it in place.  They provide a second one to go into the receiver.  I haven't bothered to use locking pins because I will never drive around without something strapped to it.  It comes apart easy and goes into the bed of the truck or in my garage.
I got it for hauling extension ladders when I need them for jobs or for when my kids need ladders.  Works great on my F-150.  I used to haul them around on top of an old beater Honda but now I can take on my truck.
Got this mainly to carry a canoe in my '04 F150 to local lakes here in north jersey. A 15' craft in a 5' bed doesn't seem to work so well, I know, I've tried. Easy to set up and dismantle, and stores in the back seat area of my crewcab. Also good for longer lumber transport. It could be a little thicker steel but it is still easier than trying to fabricate it yourself. Haven't set it up in the vertical position for a load yet, but it looks to be just as good as the flat setting. One note, you will quickly see that tiedown straps are needed to stabilize the rack especialy in the vertical position.That setup I would suggest only light loads, i.e. kayacks or aluminum ladders. Price was the best on the internet.
This is one of those products I don't use alot, but when I need to haul lumber it is worth it's weight in gold. Well built product, but does have it's limit with weight capacity, so use common sense when stacking lumber on it.
This is a good item. Especially for the money. I needed a way to transport 2 kayaks (14 and 16' long) in the back of my short bed pickup. The only complaint I could make is that the extender does have a bit of play up and down and side to side. I think the manufacturers recommend snugging it with tie downs if you want less movement. I would buy it again.
Tried it out this weekend for a camping/canoe trip.  The device was very easy to put together and figure out - it's just two pieces of metal with 2 pins for affixing.  It slips right in your receiver hitch, then you adjust the height to match your truck bed (or roof height if using up high).  I achieved a total of 12 feet from the front of my truck bed to the extender support bar, which is great for long loads (like a 16 ft canoe, or 16 ft lumber).My canoe slipped right up there and fit perfectly.  It helps that it has 2 tie-down loops on the extender.  The entire assembly wobbles a little bit inside the receiver hitch, but can easily hold several hundred pounds of weight without bending, and the pins are heavy duty which also gave me assurance.The included red plastic flag lasted 1.5 trips (total of 3 hours on the freeway) before it flew off, but I use orange flagging tape anyway so I didn't mind losing it.  The extender does have grey reflective tape on the pack, but your load will mostly cover it up, so it's kind of pointless.  I give it 5 stars for combination of price, ease of use, quality construction, and usefulness.

I purchased this to haul two kayaks at one time.  By using the extender I do not have to push the kayaks as far into the truck.  This allows both kayaks to sit flat on the floor in between the wheel wells.  Due to the width of the kayaks two will not fit if they are pushed completely to the back of the truck bed without one being on its side.  And unlike a trailer I can store this extender in the truck when I am not using it.  It is perfect for this application and I see myself using it for a number of other projects in the future.
This is an excellent product for an excellent price. I am very satisfied with this purchase, the item performs as described. It stores inside itself, requiring very little space when not in use.
This review refers to use of the Extend-A-Truck Bed Extender with a 2001 Dodge Dakota.1) Poor Welds. If you choose to buy this product inspect all welds and have a welder reinforce any suspect welds. The first time I used the product one of the two 'hooks' on the 't' section snapped (at the weld) when I was securing my canoe. The hooks should be a thicker gauge steel and be welded correctly.2) Bed Extender Function is Useless. The product can be used as a bed-extender or a t-bar/ladder-lumber rack. The first time I used the product I secured it to my truck as a bed-extender. The first thing that happened when I pulled out of my driveway was that I bottomed out - the steel arm dug into my rock driveway. The driveway is not steep, just has a minor dip at the end. After inspection of the damage (a few minor scratches) I decided to keep driving to the canal to launch my canoe. I bottomed out again going over a train track - steel arm dug into the road and stopped me in my tracks. I continued my journey using the ladder-lumber rack function instead. Will not use the bed-extender function again.3) Ladder-Lumber Rack Function Requires Additional Securing/Support. Contrary to the pictures supplied by the manufacturer, the product cannot be simply inserted into your tow-hitch and be used as a ladder rack (unstable & unsafe). The instructions provided clearly state that when used for roof top hauling that the product must be further secured by ropes to your trailer bed to provide adequate support and strength for safe use (not illustrated in manufacturer photos online). Simply done but misleading advertising and the product provides no attachment points for securing. You basically have to attach a rope to one corner of you trailer bed, wrap the rope around the vertical up-right then secure the rope to the other corner of the bed - looks pretty dodgy/tacky.I will continue to use this product (for roof top  hauling only) to transport my canoe but I would recommend any potential buyers to look for another option.
I bought my truck extender from Amazon and because I was in no hurry, shipping was free. Cool!  Received it about 7 days after I ordered it.  Took longer to open the box than to install it on my 2006 Dodge Dakota pickup.  Works excellent.  Now I haul my three 12' kayaks in a short bed pickup with no problem.  Absolutely no complaints.  Works as advertised. Every other site offered it for $99.95 plus shipping.  On Amazon, I got it for $79.95, shipping included.  Oh ya!
Used this product once to haul some long boards. This item worked great. Plan on using this product more often. Will be used in uprigth position, to haul long ladders.
I bought a fourteen foot kayak and quickly realized I had no way to transport it anywhere. Then I discoveered this truck bed extender and it allows me to use my small pickup truck to carry the kayak wherever I want to go.
I purchased this to carry a 16' canoe in the bed of my 4 dr Pickup with a short bed and hard cover on the bed. It works great and I have found so many other uses for it. When I go to get lumber or anything over 8' it can be a problem and I get tired of hooking up to the trailer, leaving it set at the office all day and pulling it through traffic. I carry it in the bed of the PU and it takes a few seconds to put on and then I can haul up to 16' lengths with no problem. I have hauled lumber and metal fencing and it works great.
When you have a short box truck without a ladder rack and you need to haul something lengthy this item will help support it. Heavy duty enough to handle a heavy load and easy to install and adjust.
This works for my Kayak my canoe and lumber also.  I highly recommend this.  It shipped quick also.  Could not be happier.
You want to carry a canoe, construction lumber and anything else of serious proportion? You either need a cube truck or this bed extender. It is my second one ( the other one was '' stolen'' by a friend). I need this for bringing stuff to my cottage with my Silverado. Anything else would be a loss of time and money.My two centsJR
it is a little on the heavy side, looks like it could use more bracing. I used it with my 83 chev el camino. I don't think I would take it over any rough roads, but on paved roads it should be fine.
Well made and was what I expected based upon the web site and other reviews.  For what it's worth the lifetime warranty isn't too shabby.
A great and versatile accessory! It is sturdy works as a bed extender or roof rack extender, and is easy to install and remove.we use it for our kayaks and to haul masts and lumber.
Extend-a-truck was just what I needed to be able to carry my kayaks while towing a 5th wheel trailer.  The only thing I needed to do was to get an extension so that the top bar was the same height as the rack on my F350.  Product was shipped and arrived before they estimated at time of order.  Overall experience was great.
This item is all it's intended to be... I use it for hauling my 16' canoe around and it fits the bill just nicely. I own a Toyota Tundra and didn't care to have permanently mounted ladder racks installed but with this item and one roof rack on the cab of the truck this is perfect.  One thing I did do was to purchase a 2" wide by 4' piece of self adhesive Velcro and used just the carpeted piece to place of the top of bar. Makes for a protected surface for the canoe and any other items I may use the bar to transport. All in all a great item...
I can load my canoe or almost anything in the back of my truck alone now. The construction is solid. You will never have to buy another one. I looked at Thule Goal Post but still chose this one due to the reviews and price although the Thule has advantages it has disadvantages as well. I saw the Extend-a-truck at Cabela's and thought it was great. My master lock hitch lock fits right in unlike the other more expensive brand. You would have to buy an additional hitch lock ($60.00) that fits the other one i was looking at. I think the Extend-a-Truck should have made it to where a little more of the bar goes into the hitch for stability but it works great. Just strap the sides and the play is gone.
I use it to haul a 17 foot canoe in the bed of my truck.  Works great, and the best price I found.
I use this bed extender to haul a fourteen foot long kayak.  Does the job very well and would recommend to anyone.
Does exactly what I need it to.  Not sure what else to say but 13 more words required.  Now two more.
Exactly what I hoped it would be.Sturdy,well- made and simple to use.Hauls my kayak perfectly in my Ford F-150. Highly recommend.
Own Honda Ridgeline a short bed truck.  When I bought 10' kayaks I struggled with my wife to safely strap them into my truck.  I looked at roof rack systems and they were north of $600 and I would still have to lift the kayaks high.  This allows me to slide the boats in the back.  I am able to take off the rack quickly while at the lake, set it in my back seat.  I feel it is sought after and if I left it on my truck some crook would want to take it.  Sturdy!
We use this with a 14.5 foot Pelican canoe and it works slick. Before this my husband was haphazardly strapping in the pickup bed and it was just awkward! My husband didn't think we needed this but I ordered it anyway and he was quick to put it on his truck and we both love it. Nice little loops on each end to strap the canoe and it is adjustable to use with my Jeep if I want to put the canoe on top of that. The packaging was fine and was in good shape when it landed at my door.
Package arrived a bit ragged but it was all there, easy to install, takes less than 5 minutes, works as described. We used it on my F150 crew cab truck to haul my wife's paddle board. Would suggest to anyone looking for a product like this.
We have used this several times for taking 2 kayaks out .It has enough space for them both and place for the strap to attach.
I received the bed extender one afternoon, put it on my GMC Sierra short bed.  I went to the local lumber yard and picked up 16', 15' and 12' shelving material.  The installation was easy, the bed height adjustment was straight forward.  Within 24 hours of receiving the extender I saved the $35 minimum delivery charge from the lumber yard....  One more trip for long lumber and the thing has paid for itself.
Product is as described, looks good and appears to be of sturdy construction. Its what we wanted and needed, used in different positions so far and no complaints. Came with instructions and tips which was helpful for use. T has small play but can be reduced by using rope to secure via the top hooks on the left and right, than onto your trucks tie down points. 2 pins are provided and work fine but we purchased a receiver lockable pin for added security,  Tar 300 anti rattle receiver locking pin system. Maximum utilization so far, carried 16ft panels across the t-bar and the top of the truck's roof cargo carrying bars, Rage sport aluminum locking cargo bars.Very pleased with this item.
Good product.  Very sturdy and should support heavy weights with no problems. Because of this it is a bit heavy to tote around, but the two piece construction makes this OK.  I got it mostly to haul kayaks and canoes so the weight is not much of an issue for me so far.  Very happy with the product and the purchase.
I needed a way to transport an 11' kayak I was going to buy on myToyota Tacoma short-bed pick up. I did internet research ofthe various carriers out there & asked at the kayak shop whatthey recommended. Most seemed to suggest a rooftop rack systemfrom one of the two big rack makers. I really wasn't interestedin installing a two-bar roof rack OR the $400 price tag if I'd only use itonce in a while, but I needed something.  Then while on Amazon I happened upon theExtend-A-Truck 944 Truck Bed Extender & knew this would work. It arrived quicklyand right away I could tell it was well made & solid. The paint finishis clean & smooth. What's nice about this extender is you can quicklyreconfigure it so that the "T" bar is level with your roof top, so that(along with a roof-top cross bar), you could carry a much longer yak.I saw one review saying the extender was loose or rattled around.I used a 15' ratcheted 1" strap w/ S-hooks at each end(also through Amazon!)run through the tie downs on the T-bar and it makes the whole unit bomb-proof!Just to be safe, I also added 2" red reflective tape to the cross bar.All-in-all I'm real happy with my purchase.  This makes an ideal kayak carrierthat sets up & tears down in under a minute & stores in the back seat.It is solid, well made, with a nice finish, and it arrived quickly.Oh! And for $85 AND Free shipping, this was money well spent.Highly recommended.
When I am going it alone, this extension makes loading my 14 ft. River Rat Canoe a breeze. I just set one end up on the T and then go back to the other end and slide it effortlessly into my pickup, which has a topper. Plus, it seconds as a bed extension for hauling just about anything that would normally be too long for my short bed. I've already used it to haul some long decking timbers.
I have used the product for about a month now. I use it primarily to haul our two 14 ft kayaks (2-3 times per week). It makes loading and unloading very easy as well as stabilizing the additional length of the kayaks that pour out of the truck bed. The product also makes it easier to tie our kayaks down with the eyes at the end of the t-bar. I haven't tried it in its upper most configuration or as work space with a piece of plywood lying on it but feel as though it would work well in these configurations also. The product is made very well and is very easy to install and take off. This is a really nice inexpensive additon making the bed of the truck much more useful and safer to haul loads that extend beyond the trucks tailgate. This is a simple, safe and very useful product when used properly.
Works great for hauling our canoe in and out of town.  Most reasonably priced product of its kind that I've seen.  Great buy and great product.
I was expecting a more stable fit and better build quality. Also didn't expect the product to be dropped from the sky by UPS either, well that is how it looked like the package was delivered. The box it came in was destroyed, if they didn't just leave it without ringing the bell, I would have refused it. Shockingly all the parts it appears were there, just covered in rust dust. Every single piece was covered in this dust, even the inside of the product. The product is made of square steel tubing, even where it fits into the receiver. The fit in the receiver is not acceptable. I have a BACKRACK on my pickup and was going to use this product with it to carry a 40' ladder. If you are simply using it to "EXTEND" your bed to carry a canoe or kayak it will be fine. To use in a vertical manner as they show, would be silly with the amount of movement that occurs at the top. For the price I was expecting much better quality, I should have known better for the price.
This item is very reliable and versatile.  I have had it now for 3 years and it is used both for hauling my canoe and for hauling lumber. Very glad I bought this item.
this product allows me to carry longer plywood since my bed is only 5' long.  I also used it to carry my Kayak and it performed well
I got this for my truck (Nissan Frontier) to carry my 13'6&#34; kayak. It works well and makes loading easy. The only beef I have is the bar is not padded. I duct taped carpet on it but it doesn't hold the boat in place if you pull it out on even a slight incline. I got some boat shaped foam blocks to mount on it but haven't figured out how to get them on the frame without sliding off when the boat pulls over the top of the foam. In regard to just the frame. Easy to mount and take off. Hold plenty of weight. Nice eyes on the top bar for strapping too. Great carrier for the money and makes it possible to single hand a kayak that weighs close to 100 lbs. Sturdy, well made and a good value.
This item is saving my kayaking experiences this summer and all summersto come! No more lifting heavy kayaks on top of my car roof!!! I use this on my Subaru Outback and just love,love love it! So easy to use!I saw a woman at a kayak launching spot with one on her mini-SUV and had to ask her about it! Seems she has been turning friends (and strangers!) onto it since she got hers just by them seeing it in use! And now I will be following suit! EVERY kayak shop should carry these...Thank you for this awesome helper!This is now my 2nd season with the extender.I have more people ask me about this great assessory when they see me loading my kayaks with ease as they struggle to load theirs up onto very expensive roof-rack systems. Specially after a long day's paddle, it is just so much easier with extend-a-truck or -car in my situation!I do use my roof-rack system for carrying my kayaks out of state for a few days, but for every day outtings, this item is just wonderful!You will not regret this purchase!
Worked great, have a 17' canoe and a short bed truck. I would recommend putting PVC around the part the canoe slides over for protection and slides better.
Heavy duty, easy to install and use.  Comes apart in seconds for storage when not in use.  excellent for hauling a couple of Kayaks.
This product is great!  It's made of sturdy steel tubing, is adjustable at the hitch, as well as the height to match the height of the bed of you truck.  It can be used upright to help with cargo that's over the cab.  There was no assembly, all the hardware is there, if folds in itself and flat so you can stow behind your seat if you'd like.  I used it to haul 14ft-20ft trim and 2x4's in my 5.5ft bed with no problems.  Excellent product at a very reasonable price.
Sturdy, well designed and cheap. What more can you ask. I like that it can be installed in more than one position to accommodate different height loads. Disassembles for better storage.
I was not sure if this was going to be strong enough to carry the load of the very long metal canoe I was going to haul in my very short truck, but I was pleastly surprised when I plugged in the support and proceeded to stand on it. It was not a problem at all and works great. Check the weight rating for your needs, but I believe this will carry 300 pounds. It is small enough to store behind the seat of an extended cab when not in use if this is a feature you also need. Good for those times when a load will just not work without a longer support. Just remember to secure your stuff.
Used it for lumber, kayaks, & ladders, very good value & well made. Adds great utility to a pickup truck
Purchased product because I have a short bed, 6.5 ft, on my pickup and the canoe I purchased was 16 ft long and I did not want to have to put the canoe on top of the truck all the time.  This product give me the option when I do not need to carry anything in the bed of the truck and makes it easy on loading the canoe.
I don't have a truck but use my mini-van cabin and roof to move a fair amount of materials for your week end warrior. The "low" position is the same height at the top of the seats folded down and the high position matches the roof rack. I can now carry sheet rock or plywood flat and/or 16 ft.+ lumber easily.
took it out of the box, installed it and within 5 minutes I had my kayak loaded up and was on my way.  Very easy to install/uninstall.....
I bought the Extend a Truck for transporting a canoe.  It is easy to set up and transports a canoe with ease and stability.  I also plan to transport building matericals with it but I have not yet used it for that purpose.  It meets my needs for transporting a canoe very well.
Part of the rack was damaged in shipping.  The instruction sheet that came with it asked that I call the manufacture directly (instead of Amazon).  Larry Darby (the owner of Darby industries I assume) answered the phone when I called.  I barely had the words out of my mouth and he had solved my problem with virtually zero inconvenience to me!!  Worth noting as well is that I had my solution in hand within 24 hours!As for the product itself...it's great.  I have a 16 1/2' canoe and I hadn't really expected it when I bought it, but the design does make it really easy to load and unload with one person.  I also like that it serves dual purpose by extending "out" just as easily as "up" -  great design.
i used this and the darby roof bar together and felt very secure. i also got bulls ringsto put straps in. there is multiple uses for this. ladder rack carry wood or pipes ect.I found these on Amazon also:*ProGrip 850760 Black Stainless Steel Retractable Anchor Point Bull Ring **Darby Industries 968 Black Roof Turbo Rack*
Perfect to transport two 14 foot kayaks in my F150 short bed.  Easy to mount and take off.  Highly recommended.
The product works as I expected to work. There is quite a bit of play when completely assembled, but it isn't amazingly bad. The product performs the duty it is supposed to, so I am satisfied.
I use the extend-a-truck to haul my 16 foot flat-back canoe. I feel like the canoe is more secure while driving of the interstate than having it mounded of the top of the truck. Plus, it's much easier to load and unload.
Good price, fast shipping.  Have used it over a dozen times already and it works great!  Easy to set up and break down and simple to store.  I would recommend this product to anyone who drives a short bed pick-up and sometimes needs to carry something over 12' long.  I carry 10 foot sheets of sheetrock and just extend them out a bit and this load extender works fine.
I purchased a Darby Extend A Truck many years ago and had no problem with it until recently when I visited Lowe's to pick up some lumber. Someone, while I was in purchasing the wood, and as an example of one of the lowest of human deeds, purloined the T part of my Darby Extend A Truck. I had no idea how I would replace it as trying social, sale and other sites produced nothing. As a last resort, which should have been my first choice, I called Darby. Talk about customer service! The gentleman took my name and address and sent one right out and at a very "reasonable" charge. They not only have a quality product but they value their customers. A company that has a presence the best of both worlds! Go Darby!
We recently purchased a tandem trike that is over 10' long.  This extend-a-truck is great for transporting the bike.  We purchased reflection stickers to put on the extender for visibility as we will have it on the road at night time  The box was taped together VERY securely when it arrived.  Possibly due to some of the other comments about the box condition.  The hubby and I opened it, installed in a minute or two and have enjoyed not disassembling our bike to go for ride.
Like a previous reviewer, I have an F150 with a toolbox and a lengthy kayak.  In the past, I couldn't transport the kayak with the truck , and I had to lift the kayak up onto the roof of our SUV and lash it down.  Not an easy feat by myself.Now, however, I can just toss the kayak on back of the truck, tie down a couple of spots, and go.  Transporting it is so much easier.Another reviewer mentioned that the unit has some wobble in it.  This is easily remedied with an anti-rattle hitch bracket.  I picked up one at Cabela's for about $15.  No wobble and no rattle.
I purchased the Extend-A-Truck 944 Truck Bed Extender to haul our kayaks and provide proper hull support during transport.  I use it on my 2012 Ford SuperCrew pick-up with a 5.5 foot bed and it is perfect for transporting our two 12 ft kayaks and/or 15 ft tandem kayak.  The two piece design is great for storage and easy to set-up.  The size is perfect for what I use it for and it is adjustable for various trucks' bed heights.  The fit and finish quality is very good and the price for a high quality steel product was lower than at retail stores.  I am extremely pleased with the product and the Amazon purchase experience.
Whoever thought up the Extend-a-Truck deserves to be a millionaire. What a great idea! The two separate pieces are easy to carry, simple to install, and they stow away in your truck in between uses. All you need to carry your kayak or canoe is a pickup truck, a class III hitch and an Extend-a-Truck.Plus, you load your boat at waist-high level - far easier than trying to car-top!
The Extend-A-Truck 944 Truck Bed Extender is nothing fancy, but it is functional and does exactly what it was designed to do. In my case, it permits me to transport my canoe or two kayaks in the bed of my Chevy pickup truck. I can load and unload the boats by myself which I cannot do with a car top carrier. Have used the bed extender a number of times and find no fault with it.
The Extend-A-Truck works great for long loads that aren't worth getting your trailer out of the shed for.  I used it to haul 16' 2x4 and 2x6 on several occasions and 7 sticks of 3" Std Wt steel pipe between 10' and 12' long on one occasion.  All this was done in my crew cab half-ton Sierra with the 5.5' bed without the luxury of a headache rack.  There is a lot of flex in this piece since it is fairly thin gage and since receiver hitches were never intended to be used like this.  This being considered, with a little care in use, it can be a great asset.
I use this extender on my Honda Ridgeline so that I can shove my 12 ft Kayak in the back. The extender makes it easy to load the Kayak without any help.  The provided hooks make it easy to tie down. I also wrapped carpet around extended bar to protect the kayak from scratches.  Shipping was prompt.
Great item.  I have a short bed and Extend-A-Bed works well for all my hauling needs.  10 ~ 14 foot material.
This product works great for those extra long items without having to go back home and hooking up to the trailer.
This easy sleazy.  I took it out of the box and it in about 30 seconds - ok maybe 45 - I had it installed and looking pretty.  It seems some folks on other reviews got a lemon or something with the holes not lining up right or something.  no problems here.  this thing is rock solid.  cant wait to take the canoe out!
I don't know how I got along without one. A really convenient device, perfect for hauling items that extend beyond my truck bed. Well made and simple to use. If you have a pickup you should get one of these.
To sum it up, this Darby problem-solving product is well-designed, sturdy and certainly worth the price.  I bought this to transport a 14' canoe in my short bed F-150 and it definitely does the job.  I added a piece of carpeting that I epoxied to the top of the tee bar and some reflective tape to increase visibility, also some locking pins for security.  The ability to mount this ingenious device for both bed-level and cabtop-level loading makes it an instant standout for its versatility.
Sturdy.  Most useful feature is the speed with which it can beset up and taken down.  Best used within short trips of 5-10 miles.
Works very well and can be used to extend horizontally or vertically.  I used it vertically to transport my canoe and it worked great. Definitely recommend this product.
I bought this to carry my two kayaks.  It makes transporting the kayaks simple and easy.  Simply slide the kayaks in the bed of my truck and throw a strap over them to secure.
Works well. It is a little clanky but as expected as it is metal. Cheaper option than most others out there.
love it.  Works just like it says it does.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a low cost board carrier.
If you need to bring something that is 12 feet or longer this works great.
When I bought my fishing kayak last year I wanted an easy way to load, unload and transport it by myself. I wanted to wait a while before I wrote a review. The Extend-A-Bed works great. I install it on the lowest setting. I made and clamped a hinged hull guide to the t-bar to slide the kayak on and put a wooden stop in the bed. Easily slides into the bed of my truck. Straps to the t-bar and to the hitch bracket. Only negative is it started rusting fairly soon. I keep a can of rust oleum around and hit it when I notice any rust.
I use this on a short bed pickup  and can haul 16' boards safely and easily. Loading is easier to as you can work from the sides if needed. Well built, adjustable for about any configuration. Comes in two pieces so you can hang flat on wall .
I bought this to carry my kayak for easier use when I load it in the bed, very good product does it's job arrived on time and in great shape. makes it a lot easier than fighting trying to secure it in the bed, worth the money
This item comes as described and will do the job allowing you to haul longer materials from your small truck bed.  It also can be set up to haul fram a cab ladder rack to the tail gate area for ladders, etc.  Good product.
This is definitely a plus for owners of short-bed pickup trucks who need to occasionally carry long loads, like 2x4's or the likes.  I've got a Ford Sport-Trac that only has a 4-1/2' bed.  This extension adds a total of 9' from the front of the bed to the back edge of the rack.It's got a little bit of play, but there's not a trailer hitch accessory in the world that doesn't.  It's not enough to be concerned about breakage or failure, but it will rattle when you hit bumps going down the road.I added silver and red conspicuity tape to the back and sides of mine to give other drivers a little more awareness that it's there.  I'd hate to have someone run into it and say "I didn't see it".The loops are barely big enough to fit the rubber coated hooks from ratchet straps through, but bungee cords fit fine.  I'll probably add a few more J-hooks to have more tie down places.It's packaged quite well, one piece is wrapped in cardboard and placed inside the other to prevent scratching.  I actually got mine the day after I ordered it, and only paid standard shipping on it.
Excellent product!We have used it for many things including transporting our Rangely lake boat.Recently recommended it to my husband's friend.
This is the exact, same unit that you can get at harbor freight for 60 dollars. Tube is already rusting, and the paint is flaking off, welds are really bad. I guess that is what you get for a product made in PRC. Good job Darby Industries for saving a few bucks!
I usered to put my kayak on the top of my truck now i just slide it in side. when i saw someone else with one i had to get one
I have a sport track, with a very short bed. This extender works fantastic to haul boards that are very long, even up to 14 feet. Disadvantage is that if you want to hop eight-foot boards on that truck with this extender, The boards don't reach the extender.  It also works up high to carry ladders and other long things! Very good value.
i'm surprised for the money, is a great purchased .  works really good. easy to installI recommended to any body
You won't believe how much this can carry.  I bought 96 16' beadboards and hauled them 200 miles in a pickup with a 6' bed with no problems.  On my 6' bed Chevy, the T sits at about 11 1/2 feet.  Twelve foot boards are a no problem for this tool.  Sixteen footers are easy.  Be sure to get some red tape or reflectors.  Glad I bought this.
Got this to carry some 16 foot boards in my short bed truck.  It worked great and would recommend instead of buying a headache rack for limited use.
This is the perfect answer for my long lumber hauling woes.  I recently purchased a Tundra CrewMax that has only a 5 1/2' bed, so I needed something to assist with hauling 14' lumber.  This product is fits the bill to a &#34;T&#34;!  -pun intended-
I had to transport a bunch of 16' and 20' lumber and this did the job pretty well.  This design doesn't quite get 5 stars because the bottom of the extension can hit the ground if you are backing down a hill or going through a dip.
This was exactly what I needed for transporting my fishing kayak in the bed of my F-150. Easy to assemble and works great!
I have a front receiver on the Tacoma pickup and can haul 20' lumber with the Extend-A-Truck mounted on my front receiver and roof racks on my cap.Also we have a sailboat with a 25' mast which rides very well on the rigging, very stable.  Extra tie-downs help also on the "T" bar.Great product for contractors or homeowners who do their own work.
Yes, it is a very good item to have for hauling things that do not fit into the truck....works great.
We have a Quad Cab Silverado which comes with the short 6 foot bed and Extend-A-Truck was exactly what we needed. Its design is very simple but effective and the quality is very good. When disassembled (2 pieces) it is very compact and lies down flat in the bed of the truck and takes only 5 minutes to set up. I just leave it in the bed, since you never know when you might have a spur of the moment need for it. You can configure it to extend the bed of your truck or configure it to rise to the level of your truck, van , suv and store long items on your roof. At some point we will be getting the roof rack bars they sell as well so we can carry our kayaks on top and free up the truck bed space for luggage and provisions.  For the price, you can't beat it.
This truck bed works great for loading your kayak into the back of your truck.  Slides into two inch receiver hitch.  Just a couple of foam blocks and a couple of tie downs and you are ready.  Carries two sea kayaks with ease.  Great problem solver.  Don't forget to put a red flag on the back of your yaks, which ever one is longest.  The home centers sale DOT Red and Silver reflective tape, which works great to make the back and sides of your bed extender more visible. Located where the truck hitch and light accessories are.  Your back will appreciate this carrier.  No lifting kayak over your head.
Used this product to haul a kayak above the cab and bed of my 2011 Ford F150 SuperCrew.  The highest setting needs just a few more inches in height to keep the kayak level.Product enhancement idea - add some lashing loops along the main bar, not just at the ends of the railing.  This would make it more stable with increased horizontal forces.
It's exactly what I expected and it is very simple to use.I use it in the lower position to support one or two canoes. The canoe seems very stable even on bumpy roads.  The metal loop is perfect to tie the canoe down. I added padding to the top of the &#34;T&#34;. Great value.
What can I say.  It was just what I ordered.  I am using it to transport my kayak and it does a great job.  Very sturdy and well made.
Very inexpensive. Great design. Works just as good as advertised. Good manufacturing quality. Great value.No buyers remorse with this product.
as described, using for kayak, works out for easy launching at boat ramp, can back up to water and tilt it right in with little or no lifting, same with retrieval just have to lift nose onto extender and push into truck.
I had thought about making something to haul my kayaks, then I saw this bed extender.  It is perfect, adjust up or down, comes apart for easy storage, you couldn't buy the materials for what they sell this product for.
Bought it for canoe hauling, but it's obviously good for long boards and such too.  Well made.  Too heavy-duty for the packaging it comes in -- torn up pretty good.
This extender is the perfect solution to safely hauling kayaks in the truck.  I was concerned about the pressure on the kayaks before purchasing the extender and I have been very pleased with the ease of attaching the extender and hauling the kayaks.
No problems with product quality or poor welds.  The extender I received in August 2012 was well made and fit the 2" receiver on truck just fine with just the right amount of wiggle room.  Yesterday, I used it in "bed extender" mode to haul a 12-foot aluminum boat in the 6-foot bed of my truck.  It was perfect . . . I can't think of anything that would have worked better for less than $90.  Drove 65 miles, some on interstate, with no problems.  The extender supported the boat perfectly and securely.  I drove with confidence.  Don't let the folks complaining about crushed packages (how is that the product's fault??) or "rust dust" dissuade you.  The Extend-A-Truck 944 Truck Bed Extender will give you years of dependable service and allow you to haul items in your truck that you didn't think you could before.
This hitch mount truck bed extender is wonderful.  It is easy to use and lets us transport our 14 foot kayak in a small pick-up bed with ease.
I saw this product being used to mount a boat in a short bed and thought it would come in handy. I got mine to haul lumber and ladders and it is great. I had a little trouble with some welds on mine and Darby Industries sent a replacement right out. Get some good ratchet straps and the locking hitch pin and haul away; you can not go wrong.
So happy we bought this. No more trying to load the canoe on the top of my SUV. Now we can just load it in our truck bed! So much easier to load & tie down.  Got it with amazon prime, and it was shipped free! I love my amazon prime.
The product works great, and is everything I could of hoped for. All I had to do is install some padding to protect my kayak.I saved $250 by buying this product.
Hauling kayaks in the bed or on top is a breeze with this system. Well worth the price if perfect sound isn't critical in a smaller room
I choose this truck extender hoping to miss some of the problems associated with the other model on amazon. Unfortunately, this model also suffers from some less than excellent production methods. The two pieces that go together to adjust the height of the support have 5/8 inch holes that do not line up, making use of the included pin impossible. I was able to use this item only because I wanted to transport lightweight mouldings, so I used a 1/2 inch pin instead.
This extender is nice for sure.  I use it when I pull out a sheet of plywood and rest it on the extender to create a work table behind my truck.  It would be nice if it was a bit longer though.  Also, the price is a bit high considering it's just welded steel with a painted finish.  Should cost about 50 bucks at most!
I love this bed extender! I have used it to carry my canoe in the bed of my truck and above my truck on longer drives. Both positions work really well. It's pretty durable and has a pretty good range of adjustments for different heights. My only complaint would be that it sits a little loose in the hitch receiver, but once everything is strapped down, it's all secure. It's not going anywhere. The locking pins that are included are good, but I replaced them with the locking kind, so I don't come back from the water to find that someone needed my canoe rack more than me. Works great for lumber too. I would definitely recommend this to other people, and already have several times.
I have a 07 Tundra with crew cab and a roll cover for the bed, so my 5 ft bed is more like 4 ft. I had to take a long drive and pick up a canoe. I hadn't seen the canoe, but was impressed with the length of the Darby when I put it on my truck. Never thinking about how long the canoe was, we drove down and got the canoe put into the truck. Turned the canoe upside down and had some pads on it so it wouldn't get scratched, then strapped it down so it wouldn't move. I have a heavy foot when it comes to driving and really wasn't enjoying the distance I had to just drive get this canoe so that added to the weight of my foot. I can tell you that at fast speeds on the interstate, this canoe didn't move an inch.We had assumed the canoe was 14 ft long, but once we got home and measured it the thing turned out to be 17.5 ft long. That's at least 10 feet longer than my bed with the tailgate down that this thing was hanging off and resting on the Darby.Best tool I've ever purchased for my vehicle yet!
I was really thrown off the scent at first by the negative reviews I saw for this product.  However, I decided to give it a shot and it's been great.  I've used it for my 16 foot canoe, and lumber.  The key to preventing the stability issues that you might have read about is to attach diagonal ratchet straps back to the bed of your truck (which, for all the people who couldn't figure it out, is IN THE INSTRUCTIONS!!).
It does what it says it will do: Extend your bed--for lumber, for kayaks.&#34;Six more and uncessary words are required for this review.&#34;
This is a great way to transport a canoe or kyack. It's Easy to hook up and it make short bed pick up more usable for longer items.
Nice to have when load is longer than truck. It's hard to even get a full size truck bed anymore, so this unit definitely comes in handy.
This product lets us haul our canoe with a secure feeling. We have a system of loading and strapping down that takes just a few minutes and you can go back and forth from the water without worrying about speeds or bumpy roads. My canoe is only 65 pounds so I am able to load and unload by myself if needed, with two people it is a snap. Well worth the investment having used it for two season.
Worked wonderful for my 14 foot kayak to go on the roof of the truck for the long haul to Maine and then was great to put the kayak in and out of the bed of the truck while we were there.  Strong, sturdy and easy to adjusted and use.
The packaging was awful and now the flag was not there. It probably fell out of one of holes in the box.
I havn't used it yet, but the quality and sturdiness appear to be adequate to do the job for which it was intended.
This extender is a great buy, especially for Prime members.  It is simple and heavy duty.  It's also great that it can be converted to fit pickup trucks and SUV's.  My only improvement was to wrap some athletic tape around the cross bar so cargo would slide so easily or be scratched by the metal.
Awesome product! It kept me from spending $300+ on a roof rack and accessories. Easy to set up and easy to store.
My 2000 Isuzu Trooper has a rear-mounted spare tire and a factory sunroof.Trooper models with a sunroof cannot be fitted with a factory roof rack, which means purchasing an after-market rack.The Thule roof rack sits very far forward on the truck, with one load bar over the front doors and one load bar over the rear doors.This leaves the whole back of the truck (over the cargo area) unusable.Adding the Extend-A-Truck in the 'reverse' (goal-post) position solves the 'unusable area' problem nicely! I can carry full 4x8 sheets of plywood, drywall, etc on my Trooper with no issues. The L-shaped tube easily clears my rear spare tire.One caveat - the rings for mounting on top of the T-bar are not a true 48&#34; wide, so when loading 4x8 plywood, one side of the plywood will actually sit on top of the rings. There's also a bit of sway in the goal-post configuration but that's to be expected.
I have a 14.5' canoe and with a tool box in the short bed of my truck this is the only way to haul it.  This is very well built and with it installed I can load the canoe without help.
Purchased to carry Kayaks. Met all expectations. I attached a set of Malone roof rack carriers to the T bar and man is it sweet. Carries my to yaks on their side, easy way to strap them in and looks very cool to. I did drill another pin hole into the hitch bar so it would slide in a little further. I felt the original hole should be further back. Not necessary but it shortened the carrier by 5 inches and adds some strength. Way better than dragging a trailer behind me on kayak trips. Sometimes parking is hard to come by where I launch. Smart buy I made I must say....
Picked up my kayak's at dealers today - this was the perfect extender for my truck bed.  I will say that given the negative reviews on other reports the first thing I did was hook it up to make sure the holes aligned - obviously based on my review they did.  Can't always live on the negative reviews - 100% of folks who have a negative experience put in reviews - I do.  I rarely review a positive experience.  Needed to do it here after seeing the volume of reviewed manufacturing defects.
Perfect for those times when you just need a few long boards,  could see it being used for other things too.
I have a F-150 with the 5.5 ft bed, and a 13 ft canoe. This extender is well made and was a great solution for $99. Because it works it two positions, when I finally get the expensive rook rack installed, it will still be useful. Shipping was fast , although it's sent in the original box, which was in pretty bad shape on arrival. Surprisingly, there was no damage and all there.
I bought this for transporting kayaks, and in the couple of weeks I've had it  I've already done so twice and it works out great.  And I also used it to haul a bunch of 15 foot tree limbs from one end of the property to the other.  All in all I'm quite satisfied with it.
I have a Toyota Tacoma with a 6 foot bed, less a 2 foot toolbox. This extender makes carrying my 12 foot kayak a breeze. Very stable and durable steel construction. All tied down, I have no worries of my cargo with this extension in place. I would recommend buying locking pins, instead of the pins with cotter pins that this comes with.
Excellent product. It  can  hold two 17 foot kayaks in the back of my shortbed 3/4 ton pick-up. I use it for short runs to the local lake. The tie downs on the T bar hold them in place.
This was my first-ever AMAZON purchase.  I have been reluctant to make on-line purchases, but needed this product in order to haul my canoe.  After all, it is very important to be able to go fishing!  The product and delivery was exactly as promised.  I like the "adjust-ability" of this product which allows roof top or bed level hauling of loads.  I think that the extender could have been made to fit a bit deeper into the truck's hitch receiver for more stability, but it gets the job done "as is."
Fantastic product.  Have transported my kayak with ease.  Also great for the supply runs to the local home improvement store when you don't want to pay or wait to have it delivered.
I got this to haul my kayak in my bed.  I do not have to lift on top of the cab, just slide it into the bed.  It comes in 2 pieces that slide into each other so it is also easy to store.  If I want to put the kayak on the roof it works that way too.  Good way to go for a little bit of $.
What I like about this bed extender is that it has double duty uses.  Both to extend out at tail gate height for approx. 3+ feet and upward so that the crossbar is level with the roof rack on the pickup topper.  I have used it to haul lumber and it works very well.
I use it as a bed extender to support my kayaks in the bed or I can put camping gear in the bed and have it support my kayaks above the bed. I use 2 straps to my bumper to keep it from shifting during transport but it works much better than I expected.
LOVE IT!  WHY DIDN'T I BUY IT SOONER! SO EASY TO USE. PUT REFLECTION TAPE ON IT FOR ADDED SAFETY. NEVER HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT HAULING LUMBER AGAIN.
I purchased the Bed Extender on a Friday and it was waiting on my porch Monday afternoon.  I put it in use hauling 16 foot long boards for a decking project the next day.  It works as good or better in my opinion than advertised.  Paid for itself in the money I'll save on paying for store delivery of my lumber and other large items.
The Darby bed extender can be mounted in two positions: crossbar at bed height and 4' behind the bumper, or crossbar at roof height with vertical post so close to bumper you can't open the tailgate. Not enough choices, unsatisfactory.
I have owned trucks for many years and gotten by with long lumber though not without some problems from time to time. I originally bought this for use with my kayaks which are 14' long to carry them in the back of the truck with its 6.5' bed. Instead I have been using this extender at least 3 times a month to transport long items.The two pieces fit one inside the other and the overall length is short enough that I can store it behind the seat of the truck until needed. The tubing is heavy enough gauge to support the rated load with no flexing. The two pins needed to attach it to a hitch receiver and to connect the two pieces are provided. The cross bar as multiple holes so I could adjust it for the height of the bed of my truck.There are end loops to use to tie a load and secure it to the bar. The center post also works well as an attachment point for lumber and pipe.I saw similar racks selling for more than twice as much that provided often less strength and no more versatility than this one. Usually after I have tried something like this I see things that I would improve in the design but not so with this bed extender.
The Extend-a-truck 944 truck bed extender is a &#34;must have&#34; for hauling Jon Boat, Canoe/Kayak, lengthy items of all sorts. I have used it a couple of times to haul a canoe and a very long extension ladder and it works great. It is well constructed, simple to use, easy on, easy off. Just nothing bad to say, it's all good !
This is a very nice design because it holds a lot. The handle is a good feature that allows you to get a good grip on it for scooping up heavier things. The deep scoop design also helps get the dirt in the trash can without spilling it on the way. What else can I say, it's just a great shop dust pan and/or scoop.
This was a useless purchase. It feels cheap and like it will fall apart at any moment. I have used it once and it didn't really work, which I don't know if that was because it doesn't work or if it just didn't work on my lock, but it does get hot.
My daughter wanted this in her car in case of an emergency. Fortunately she has not had to use it.  I can't give it a better rating because I don't know if it works.  Hopefully I won't have to find out.  It does seem sturdy, I think it's a great idea.
The tool is as advertised. It does not cost much but if you ever needed it, it would be priceless. One time (don't ask me why) I was trying to break a side window on a car with a wooden bat and had a very hard time doing it. It was then that I realized how hard it is to break car windows and knew if I was ever trapped in a car and needed to get out quickly I would need a hammer or something like this tool. It also cuts seat belts with a out-of-the-way razor. They always show in the movies someone stuck in a car that is going under water and they can't get out because the seatbelt won't budge. I don't know how likely it is that I would need this tool or even find it in the event of an emergency, but it gives me a tiny sense of security knowing I have it in my car. And for the price, you can't beat that.
I assume it will be handy in case of an accident.  Let's hope I never have to actually use it.  Everyone in my family who has a car received one.
Ordered this just in case. I do a lot of spirited driving and you can never be too safe. Everything seems pretty sturdy on it except I couldn't get the flashlight to work. I tried 3 different batteries and nothing. I have an emergency light in my car anyway, so I didnt see it as necessary as the other features.
I own a 1993 Buick Road Master. It's in very good condition, no dents, dings, broken glass and a great interior. All original equipment. I'm NOT a collector, this is just my car!Two months ago, thieves tried to steal my car. They broke the small window pane in the rear, tore off all the dashboard panelling, broke the ignition, and cut the wires! The police couldn't understand why they didn't crank the car and go. Took over a month for ME to find the parts, but insurance repaired the car--$1500 + $2500 rental for a month. I researched anti-theft products and decided on the Master Lock steering wheel lock $1000 anti-theft gurantee) and the Club brake lock. Last night, I secured my car with only the Master Lock...did not lock the doors.Woke up today to find thieves had tried again! This time there was no damage to the car, but they went through the glove compartment, ashtrays, armrests and trunk obviously looking for a spare key! Valuables were out in the open and still there. Thanks to Master Lock, I still have my car!
I picked up 2 of these at a local retailer. They are redesigned now with the new flat key locks, not the tumbler pen-pickable locks. Works very well on both my cars. My only concern is there is a lot of oil on the teeths so becareful on your new car!
Bike lock manufacturer Kryptonite recently revealed that tubular cylinder locks -- which this model uses -- can be very easily picked. Kinda defeats the purpose of owning this in the first place.
Compact size and works fine.
Thought I'd just confirm what I've learned too.  I bought it, realized after research it could be picked in seconds with a pen and returned it.
At auto parts store, I suprised that the same key could open two different locks... there is nothing more to say...
This is probably one of two reviews that aren't actually Amazon verified purchases because I got this from Walmart $19.99.  Actually I have two because I have two vehicles.  I had a dream my car was stolen which prompted me to get it.Anyhow, I have two sets of keys and they will not work on each other.  I mixed them up several times and was happy to see I could not use the incorrect key to open.How good is it?  I won't know until something happens, and so far, it seems to be a deterrent.  I also have an alarm, and some numbers they etched in my window (what is that called?).So until my key gets stuck, my car gets stolen....I will give it a 5 because I like it.upon purchase, you use your key to release the lock . . . it pops up allowing you to put it on the wheel.  Once you secure it, you push the lock down in place and you're set.  If stolen, they'll have to cut in 2-4 places I believe.  If you want my car that bad....my measly mazda and chrysler, good luck.
I've been looking to get some additional security for my car for some time.  I've looked over all the options to add to my security system.  This is the most cost effective way to seriously beef up my security and deter would be thiefs.This lock is so simple to use, and the cylinder keys are excellent.  Cutting my steering wheel twice would probably still be difficult to get around this lock because it fits so perfectly on my steering wheel.Anyone, tell me a better security investment for $25 from Advance Auto.This is serious security for a bargain price.
Picture shows Kryptonite key, but it came with a standard key.Won't go large enough to fit on my Excursion steering wheel.Sending back
"Advanced Security" is all a lie.  These locks can be easily opened without a key.  I have written to the Masterlock company and they replaced the lock free of charge to a one that uses a regular key.
I bought a similar lock to this about 6 months ago, filled in the paperwork and sent it in by certified mail as requested to get their warranty in case my car was stolen. A few months later, my car got stolen, first time I've ever had a car stolen. First, this lock was able to be picked by a standard flat head screw driver. Except for it becoming loose, it would still be "useable." Second, when I went to file the warranty, they claimed the original registration never got to them and therefore not entered into their system. I attempted to show them that I had the receipt for the certified letter and a copy of my original receipt, but the representative basically told me they do not honor the 1000 deductable grantee. I was a faithful customer, but with this I'm going to be using other brands for my personal and business use. I expect they'll lose more than they gained by this decision over the course of 5-10 years.
Bought this lock to put on my mother-in-laws car when she enters the manic phase of her bipolar disorder and shouldn't be driving.  Funny side note, she drove in circles in the yard for hours :-)  She fought this thing and ended up breaking one of the fingers.  She didn't get it off, as the other finger held.  She's not exactly a strapping young auto theif either.  Try another product.
The dual grips are kind of handy - it fits securely into place.
I was looking around at the reviews for the other [newer] Vector Start-it systems and most of them seem negative. From my personal experience though, this unit is handy! Recently, one of my coworkers needed a jump start, so I pulled this out, hooked it up and her van started instantly! This was after close to a year of it sitting idle in my trunk. And off the same charge from when I charged it last year! I've only charged it once otherwise, and that was maybe a month or two ago.The best part is that I got this for $20~ on a special. I think it's because these older models are probably discontinued now.Be careful with what you plug into the cigarette lighter - I tried charging an el-cheapo GPS unit directly from it using the supplied car charger and it overloaded the battery and killed the unit. I'm sure if you have an inverter, it would help out a lot. Other than that, this seems like a great unit and holds its charge well! Lack of a labeled adapter can be solved by one thing: a labeler or masking tape + permanent marker.
I have had this on the front of my trailer going on 5-6 years out in all kinds of New England weather and it has stood up to the elements with ease without any tearing or cracking even. It also has kept my winch clean and dry this time. The only problem I have with this item is the wasps love to build their nests in it in the spring. I have sprayed inside of the cover every year since installing it and even that chemical doesn't bother the material. Best accessory for my winch I've ever bought.
It's a cover what can I say.  Looks great and covers my S5000 winch.
Considering the Superwinch S5000 is an amazing powerhorse, I expected a pretty good cover, considering it cost me $35 bucks.  Not really.  Not only the cover doesn't fit the winch properly, but it doesn't cover it entirely and the material rips even with the slightest pull.  The tightening bands don't tighten up unless you tie it up.Basically, this is a quick solution for people with no time and a little money to spare.  This was my case, though I'm considering having a descent cover made.  I use the winch on my boat to lift stuff, so it's exposed entirely.  This cover won't protect it right from rain and I wonder how long it will last in the sun.  China has been doing a lot of good quality products lately, but this isn't one of them.  If you have the time, make a cover yourself.
Bought this years ago for my son along with the Harley heritage soft tail...he was about 7 years old...we did the soft tail together and then he did the v-rod by himself...I think he learned alot about following directions and seen how rewarding the end result can be when you stick with a project..he also did a tank and a battleship and a aircraft carrier along with a fighter jet...all mega bloks and was very happy with all of them...the way I see it any time you can peel a kid away from video games and get them to do something constructive like this its money well spent!
great as a project to be shared. husband and grandsons, 4 and 6,bonded greatly during the project
This comes w/instructions that are easy to follow. A teen can do this alone or a younger child can do it w/an adult. The end result is pretty impressive, gives a great sense of accomplishment.
I bought this for my husband and 15 year old son to do together. My 19 month old son had a hand in helping from time to time and I think it has caused all three of the guys to become hooked on lego's. They put this together while watching orange county choppers.They had a blast with this and convinced me to buy them the monster truck to build next because of the great experience they had. My husband has a motorcycle and misses riding in the winter so this was a teaser for him until he can ride again. This is not something to play with after it is put together. The chrome pieces and footpegs pop off a little too easy but are simple to put back on. Great stress reliever. Looks like they will be pursuing the Ford GT after they get the monster truck built.
Works great
I purchased this product for my husband. He has a collector '67 Corvette and uses it quite often.It is a big hit and I was too because he likes it so well.
The item arrived on time and in excellent condition; packaged properly with cover and instructions.This a high quality item that would avoid scratching the surface of your car as much as possible.Excellent product; highly recommended!
I purchased my first &#34;California Car Duster&#34; to use on my new corvette a few years ago.  A few &#34;Corvette owners&#34; highly recommended this duster to keep the car clean after washing it.  I was shocked to see the price, but like they say ..... you get what you pay for !  I took the chance and order it and have not regreted it one minute.  In fact, I gave the thing to the guy I sold my corvette to and when I bought my new car, I purchased another one ..... cause it works so well !!  I know it's a lot of money to spend and they sell &#34;knock offs&#34; for a lot cheaper, but get the real deal and don't bother with the $19.99 fakes !!  You won't regret it !Happy cleaning  -  ADUB
I purchased this auto duster because a friend had one and her car always looked so clean. It really does a great job on a dusty car. It didn't scratch and the wax embedded in the duster smells nice when you are using it. It doesn't streak a cool car but don't use it on a hot surface. It will streak then because of the wax.
I have a black SUV and this duster saves me a lot of car washes.  The car is garaged so dust is the biggest issue.  I can wipe the whole car down in about five minutes.
I was very skeptical of the claims made for this product. No more. This is everything it claims to be and more. My car has a dark metallic finish and started showing dust after less than 2 days. I use the duster every day after I get home and now only wash my car every 3 weeks.
My husband had one of these before, and ordered a new one. It really works to take the layer of dust off of the car and renew the shine below. Most husbands would enjoy this, if they take pride in their car.
I purchased this for my brand new maserati because I am scared of anything else touching my car and it works great I use it after I drive it when I get home in the garage I dust my car off and it looks brand new just like I got a car wash
Pretty good, although it does leave very small red fibers on the car. Hardly noticeable but, I recommend not brushing to hard with it. Just do lite, short strokes.
Not what I expected. It is very light weight. Not at all like the California dusters I bought 5 - 6 years ago. Also too much lint is left on the car after use. definitely would not buy another one.
This is a car duster or for Uncle Charlies Bald Head only....but works real good on my car.I bought it on the recommendation of a friend who has had his for years.He thought the price was good.My black car should enjoy it...I know I will.Very nicely and well made.
I do like this california duster for those times in between car washes.  It helps to give my car a good sheen
I'm from India and had bought this duster in 2007. This had made my life easier every morning since then. I have a Black car and dust settles well. This duster precisely does what it says. I like the wodden handle as well. What used to take 10 mins to dust the car with other types of cloth. Tis takes me only 3 mins and leaves the body with a shine, like its been polished. Two months ago, I had to give this away to my dad as he's getting old and finding it difficult to dust his car. He swears by it as well. I have not washed it in the last 4 yrs, the more the dirtier it gets , the better it works. Can't wait to buy one when i make a trip to the US.
One of the Best car products I have found!  Every car owner should have one in their trunk!  "The dirtier it gets the better it works."  Makes my car shine & removes a ton of dirt and grime without scratching it!!
Once my car is washed and waxed, all I have to do is brush this over the car every day for a minute, and it maintains the car looking like it was just washed.  I would only use it on day old dust and pollen to keep from scratching the clear coat.  It works amazingly well on my black car, and keeps it looking freshly detailed.  Make sure you do it gently, and you'll get amazing results every time.
This is a must for anybody who wants to keep their car clean between washes. My car sits outside, in parking garages, and old sheds. All of them seem to dump tons of dust on my poor car. This model comes with the wood handle. Others out there have a cheap plastic one. Read the directions on the cover. You're suppose to let it air out after shipping. It has something to do with the wax on the brush. It also will tell you not to worry about it getting dirty. In fact its suppose to work better as it gets dirtier. The duster will work even better if you put a sealant and/or wax on your car. You'll find that you can pull a lot more material off your car. The duster will easily remove pollen, dust, and any other light coating of material. It will remove the dust from hard water and rain deposits, but you'll still see the marks if you look carefully. Buy this product. You're call will thank you!
The product arrived promptly with the shipping box with no signs of mishandling or wear. That rules out the possibility of the product getting damaged in transit.After opening the shipping box, there is a plastic pouch about the size of the brush. I opened the pouch only secured by velcro and the product inside is separated in 2 pieces. The wood handle and the brush piece. At first view, you can see that you have to attach the brush in the wood handle with 2 metal screws that is provided.To my dismay, the wood handle was split in two, like what you would see when someone tried to attach both screws and crack split the wood piece in two.The brush piece has both screws ALREADY ATTACHED to it! I notice that the screws were not aligned properly which shows signs of mishandling.Next thought was, this is a product that has been shipped to another customer, returned, and shipped to me without even going through QC (quality control).In my rulebook, this is enough reason to avoid this vendor like the plague.
I bought my original California car duster for my new black truck in 1995. When I sold it 10 years later, the buyer couldn't believe it was the original paint job! I've since used it on many other vehicles. The dirtier it gets, the better it works. Doesn't make much sense, but it's true. I just bought a new black car, so I figured I'd start with a new duster. Can't say enough about these great car dusters!
much better than the cheap take offs. go gh gh ro gj hht lfl jj eik gj ke kg k
This car duster is a great invention and I am so happy to have been told about it. My little car is black :-( which shows every spec of dust. It is spectacular for me to be able to whip out the duster and go over my car and have it sparkling again! The non-dust spots I can easily remove with window cleaner. &#34;Keeping up appearances&#34; couldn't be easier and faster as well as being economical and environmentally friendly by avoiding a lot of chemicals or wasting water.
HAD ONE OF THESE MANY YEARS AGO AND HAD FOGOTTEN HOW HANDY IT WAS . GLAD TO BE BACK IN THE GAME WITH THIS. BEST IDEA IN CAR CLEANING
this is a great duster.i only have to wash my ssr every two weeks,and this parking outside in a very dusty area.
I would not buy this product again. It does what it should but If I had to do it again I would just stick with detaling microfiber towels from Viking/Cobra.
This duster really works. I have a phantom black metallic car and the duster helps to keep my car looking brand-spanking new.
had one of these several years ago and the handle brook and nothing seemed to do as good job as this duster. So I ordered another one and am very happy with purchase. Made very well and does the job. the price was cheaper than I could purchase locally.
Works just like they say.  I found a bargain on Amazon - search on 62443 and get the exact same thing with a plastic handle instead of wooden for $5 less - almost a 1/3 less!
I own the Original California Car Duster and it works very well.  It is great for touch up cleaning in between car washes.  It is true what they say about the more you use it the better it cleans.  If you use it a lot it will start to turn black but it will start cleaning better than ever.  It is great to wipe light dirt and dust off your car and makes it look like you just waxed your car.  If you take care of it then it should last for many years.
Just replaced my original 25 year old duster.  Couldn't live on my dirt road without it. I recommend this item.
had one before that had the plastic handle and it snapped. so I am thrilled with this wooden handle and it was a great price
Takes the dust off my car without leaving any streaking that some report with other brands. Just don't press real hard.
I love my duster.  Had it for 10 years plus!  But i've never used it on my car.  Instead, i've always used it on the Venetian blinds.  Works like a charm and takes less than half the time and much less effort.
This is a classic tool for car buffs, or other people who are OCD about their ride by don't feel like going to the car wash every other day. It does the trick, the price is right and it lasts a long time. What could be better&#62;
I have had a California Duster before but never one that left lint on my show car.  This thing is terrible.  Do not purchase
Works well but have to keep in trunk has an odor
If you are a car guy like I'm a car guy, you've heard about the California Car duster a billion times...or maybe already own one. They work great, as advertised. Dust (don't rub) your car whenever you put her in the garage and she'll stay looking great. As a result, I only actually wash mine every couple months...mostly for the undercarriage and engine bay.Good stuff, and the price is right.
I first got one of these as a gift back in the late '80s when I bought my first new car. It worked exactly as advertised and in the intervening years, I have replaced it only two or three times...It does actually work better once it gets dirtier - I can absolutely attest to this as I got a new one about a year ago, and the older one worked better at first... After a couple weeks (I dust the car about about four times a day), it started to work as well as the older one. I took the old one and tried washing it by hand with cold ater and Woolite, as recommended on the makers website, and it definitely was cleaner and still worked just as well.If you love your car even half as much as I do, this product is worth EVERY cent!
Works as expected, based on the product description.Using on  a Bordeaux Reserve (Dark Red) Ford Fusion and it eliminates the need for 1 or 2 washings and still keep the car looking great.
Really the best car duster out there in my opinion. Used others and they are cheap and fall apart easily. This one really gets the job done. Had it for almost two years now. Too bad I can't find where I put it :/
I've been using one of these for years and I'm on my second one. This duster works exceptionally well and lifts the dust without dragging it around. I will NOT make a filthy car that hasn't been washed in weeks or months look clean. You must either keep your car in a garage, or use a cover like I do, and dust it daily to keep it looking clean. If I wash, clay bar, and wax my car I can go two months or perhaps more without washing it again, as long as I keep it covered, dust daily, and wipe it down weekly with an instant detailer. The fibers are impregnated with a paraffin wax so don't just lay it on something if you don't want it to be stained because of the wax and dirt. Also, if there is condensation on the car it really renders the duster ineffective so make sure it's dry before using it.
We get a lot of pollen in Florida and this pulls it right off.  I haven't noticed the red lint that other reviewers have experienced.  Our car is dark grey and shows everything.  Robust handle.
This thing is great. I had another one from a different company that broke because the handle was plastic. This is wood and it feel a lot more solid. I have a black car and this takes the dust right off. Great buy! 10 out of 10
It has always been a great product. I have had one before. You need one for a black truck in Arizona!
Am one of the most cynical consumers on the planet, but this duster really does work.  I bought the model with the wooden handle because it is more old fashioned, but the wood does make the device a bit heavy, especially since one is supposed to only glide the device lightly over the  car.  Yes, I would buy it again, and will recommend to others.
This is my 2nd California Car Duster. I have found that it cleans and restores a wax finish to my car with very little effort. It is a great tool for a person that in the past did not keep up the appearance of his vehicle.
This car duster is simply stunning!  I feel like it waxes car at mean time. And this is a good thing! It protects the shinning paint!
This doesn't work as good as it advertises and for $50.00 it should. I was shopping at walmart and they sell it for $11.99 and Autozone sells it for 14.99. Only difference is its not a wooden handle its a hard plastic. Worth getting a plastic handle to save $40.00 in my opinion.
The California Car Duster is simply amazing. It'll cut your car washing efforts at least in half.
Very nice! It really helping me to dust my car quickly!The reason for 4 star? Handle broke down while I was banging the duster for removing the dirt.But I fixed it by myself and keep using it!
Well made tool.  Can seem to be a bit heavy.  Cleans well.  It was shipped lazer fast!
This duster is not near the quality of the original.  I've had one for 15 yaers that still works and has twice the duster material as the one I just received.  I know I will not get the same service from the new one and it costs more.  So what's new?
Works great ONLY if you have dry dusts. If the dust is wet, or was wet and now dried, it doesn't work. Otherwise, great as a touch up dusting in between washings.
I bought the duster for my Corvette, noticed the first few times I used it there were paraffin wax streaks. This is normal until the mop matures or is left out so the paraffin will dry. I have had the duster for almost a year and it still leaves streaks. I have used it on my motorcycle and the paraffin that is left behind is just awful. It might be the color of my car/motorcycle intensifies the streaking effect. I am not at all happy with the results. Yes it does remove dust but leaves residue behind.
I am going to buy more of these for gifts for family and friends. In just a few minutes, it helps my truck to look a million times better. It picks up the dust rather than just spreading it everywhere and it works over and over again. Highly recommended. Definitely a must buy!
This duster is the "cat's meow" as they used to say!  It works just as promised and keeps my little hunter green Saturn Sky roadster looking shiny and clean all the time.  No amount of pollen seems to bother it.  Whoever came up with this item deserves a medal.
We used to use these to dust our cars in our Mercedes showroom. Worked great. Glad to find them again...I bought two. One for my Black car and one for my son-in-law's' black car.!!!!!!
A must have if you own a dark colored vehicle and want to keep the dust off. Liked the wooden handle.
Outstanding helper to keep your car clean, specially from that pesky urban dust that seems to be everywhere.  You can cut w&aacute;ter washing by 75%.
This product works rather well. I seem to have an OCD concerning car care so naturally I'd like to save a little time and money while trying to stay 'spotless'. This duster does the trick. Do read the directions though. The wax from the duster will streak at first especially on windows. Also, the duster doesn't pick up things like water spots from the dew the night before. But for things like pollen, road dust, and small bugs it works great.EDIT: It's now been nearly 7 years since I first wrote this review. I wanted to add that I am still using the same duster! The vinyl sheath that it comes in has split down the side but the duster is still going strong. I've never washed it but since I kept my cars pretty clean anyway it never was badly soiled. Occasionally fibers will fall out or get stuck on trim pieces but, I would say it is 95% intact after all these years. I probably use it a few times a month on average now but about twice a week for the first year or two that I owned it.
Wife is Japanese, and the Japanese commonly use car dusters in Japan. She and I bought two this time, and use them often.
I did not know that there was paraffin wax on the duster that has a distinct smell but man does it work good. So glad I bought it, and it was delivered very quickly
i already had 1 needed anotherso i bought 2 more so i would have a sparei needed one for my 1954 Buick 2D-h/t  50s custom
I just purchase a Harley Davidson Motorcycle and this is the best product to keep the dust off of it.  I live in the middle of the desert (Ft. Irwin) and I always receive comments on how clean my motorcycle is kept in this enviornment.I highly recommend this product to anyone who ride a bike and takes pride in the look of his bike!
This item was recommended by a neighbor who is a clean freak and it does exactly what it promises.  We recently bought a black car and haven't had to wash it since this duster takes care of it all.  Buy one; you won't be disappointed.
Somewhat skeptical, I ordered this car duster expecting it to be more hype than practical but it does a pretty good job!  Be aware that it works best on dry dust.  Once your car gets a sprinkling of rain or the dew settles on it, you'll be better off washing the old fashioned way.
This a GREAT!! My old one is over 15 years old and decided to purchase a new for another car. You CAN&#34;T beat this duster for your car or even in your home!!
Works great!
The car duster is great! It really helps keep my vehicle looking clean and polished between car washes.
There is no substitute for the Original California Car Duster.  I have used them for years and when I couldn't find one locally bought an imitation, but it doesn't begin to compare.  I will always buy only the Original California Car Duster.  Cuts down on number of car washes one needs and is very easy on the finish of the car.
OMG works, my new black car will never be dull. Be sure and follow directions.  You have to set it out for two days and let it breath.
This is an absolutely great product.  I had to replace my original one after leaving it on the trunk of my car.  However, I found the original along the highway so now I have one for each car.  I use one exclusively on my restored 1966 Chevy convertible.  It keeps my car dust free and sparkling like new.  The longer I use it and the dirtier it gets the better it works.  Anyone who has a new car, a used car, or a collector car should have one of these dusters in the trunk.
THIS IS A VERY GOOD AND WELL WORTH THE PRICE PRODUCT.  I BOUGHT ONE SEVERAL YEARS AGO AND USED IT ON MY PICK-UP AND CAR AND IT DOES EXACTLY WHAT IT CLAIMS.  I JUST ORDERED ME A NEW ONE SINCE I DID WHAT THE MANUFACTURER SAID NOT TO DO AND WASHED IT.  MY FAULT.  THIS DUSTER IS A FIVE STAR.  MAKE SURE YOU GET THE ORIGIONAL CALIFORNIA DUSTER.KEN MUSCHIANOBARTLETT, TN.
This was bought for my best friend who builds and owns some really classy cars. But keeping them clean was always a problem  since he lives where there is a lot of dust. He was very happy with his gift, and I was very happy with the overall product.
Having a convertible is nice in Arizona, but the dusty environment makes it hard to keep a car clean.  This handy and effective duster allows me to keep my car clean without the harsh chemicals of the car wash that damages a soft top. The handle is perfect size and is very sturdy.
I use Zaino car products which are used for show cars. In other words I'm a car finish fanatic. I live in the desert and drag this (now heavily soiled) thing over my car almost daily. Never a scratch on the glassy finish. Buy it - you will not be disappointed.
Keeps my black SUV clean between washes. Once its broken in works GREAT! I keep it in the trunk for fast dust offs.
The California Car Duster has been so much more than I expected. I keep a good finish on my car and it is garaged year-round. Washing the car was (many times) simply a matter of hosing off the dust. This does a damn nice job of dusting all of the car surfaces quickly and easily. Sometimes I get lazy and the car duster saves me a full car wash. Try it!
I bought this brush to dust off my new car.  It does so much more.  It has a wax in it that when you wipe it across the car, it just glistens.  I've had my new car for over a month now and I havn't washed it yet.  I go over it with this brush about twice a week.  It takes less than 5 minutes.  The dirt just repels off.  I started to tell my coworker about it and he said to me &#34;Is that why your car looks so good,  I thought you just washed it.&#34;  Obviously, it came from the dealer waxed, but, so far, this brush is keeping  it looking like it just came out of the showroom.  I don't know how long the brush will last.  It says it lasts a long time.  I hope so, but as long as it's not too often, I will buy another.
Excellent car duster, It is easy to use because of the long handle with plenty of dusting fibers to easily clean the painted surface of a vehicle. WE have a plethora of pine pollen and it cleans it with a wiz. It doesn't hurt the painted surfaces in any way.
This duster is all they said it would be and more-easy to use and works really well. Ill buy another
I'm very satisfied with this product.  This is a gift for Christmas and I have one myself and I love it.  Works great, I highly recommend it especially for a person that loves to keep their car looking great in between washes.
I've had one for years & love it, so got one for my husband who had never heard of them,  Now he loves it & uses it all the time.
Per the instructions, I let it air out for 48 hours and have no problems with any streaking or red lint residue on my dark grey vehicle.
I bought this for myself for Christmas. I bought a nice car a couple of years ago. I try very hard to keep it clean. I think this would help me keep it that way in-between washings.
This is just what I needed for my car. The car is in the garage alot and gets dusty. The Car Duster works perfectly and leaves the car shining.
This is one fine product; when used as it should be. It is not made to remove dirt, it is made to remove dust from otherwise clean cars. It works even better on an auto that has been waxed and is maintained.Keeping the above in mind, it works great.
My dad has one and I had to get one for my truck and love it!  I am ordering another one because my wife tried it in the house for dusting and she loves it.  Works better than anything else I have used on my 60&#34; flat screen too.  Very satisfied!!
This product on Amazon costs you the customer less than buying it from the Manufacturer.  Great product, you pay a little more for the original, but believe me it is well worth the extra money.  This duster works, the others dont, this one removes the dirt, the others just move it around.  If you want the best you must buy the best and pay for the best, but if you want the best then buy it thru Amazon...
This thing works awesome.  I have a black car and I park outside, so keeping it clean is an extremely difficult task.  I'll spend hours washing my car only to wake up the next day and see dust on it.  But with this thing I just go over the car real quick before I drive it, and it looks as if I just washed it again.  This thing really removes all the dust and helps keep my car looking like it was just washed.  Highly recommend this product to anyone that is trying to keep their car as clean as possible.
Make sure you leave it on the newspaper BEFORE you use it.  I do get some red fuzzies on the car, but it picks up dirt/dust like crazy.  I live in the desert...lots of wind and dust...and I wish I had bought one of these years ago!!!
So far the CA duster has been great.  It ttakes the dust right off the vehicles without any issues.  I highly reccomend this product!
Don't use this product.  I did purchase one to try out on those "dusty" california days here.  It takes out all the dust, yes, but leaves very fine scratches on your finish.  because of it, I do need to use swirlx and scratchx to remove all the fine scratches it produced.  not so good.  Seeing that I have a black car, the scratches actually can be seen fairly well.  I was extremely disappointed and plan on returning it very soon.I was very VERY skeptical once I saw the giant fibers on this thing.  Now theres a reason why detailers don't use normal towels on their cars -- its because of the bigger fibers!  They use a special weaved microfiber towel to help detail all their cars.  The fibers on the california duster are even BIGGER than normal towels!  How can this NOT scratch your finish.I recommend avoiding it if you car about your car.  A normal wash, clay, polish and wax will do the job MUCH BETTER than this.
Gave this to my husband and he loves it to dust car after being in garage.  Takes less time and energy to make the car look sooo good.
This thing is very impressive. It is like a magnet for the dust. After a good cleaning and waxing this rids the car of the dust that seems to materialize out of thin air and it all looks perfect again. Only takes a few seconds.
My car is garage kept except during the day when i drive to work.  On a clean car with just dust, a once over makes the car look like it was just washed.
This 1 is the ONLY 1 I rate poorly as I believe it was packaged prematurely without getting the chemical treatment that drsws the dust. Otherwise I love these things
I use this product on a dark blue Caddy Deville and a black 1966 Dodge Charger.In short, this thing is awesome. A few swipes and the pollen that turns my Caddy yellow is gone. Glass, chrome wheels etc. And on the show field it keeps my Dodge dust free and never leaves any marks or scratches on my flawless black paint. Best $15 you will spend to keep a car clean. I have the wooden handle version, I think it feels better when using the duster. Remember to follow the directions when its new, let it sit for 2 days on news papers. If you don't it will leave little wax marks on the paint (easily wiped off).
great product- works as described and reduces the need to wash by getting all the dust collected.  I use this with a damp cloth for bugs and bird spots and it looks like i washed it.
This product does work very well. I feel very comfortable using this on our Classic Car and knowing it will not harm the paint job.
I've had an original for over 10 years. Never a problem, but it was getting a little tired and didn't seem to be efficient. This 'original' has  noticeably less fibers. And, even after following the instructions to air it out for 48 hours before using it, it still leaves evidence of the paraffin on the vehicle after a dozen uses. I hope more time solves this issue but I'm not optimistic. Any one else having this problem?
Living in Arizona I needed this brush.  It saves water, and keeps the car looking sharpe.
I needed something to keep my car & truck clean between washes. For dust and simple road film this duster is perfect. The more you use it, the better it works!
Works great. It should, it's been around for a number of years. Bought this and the Carrand duster at the same time. See no difference except for mop color.
Great item with a wooden handle and classy case to carry it in with my antique black GMC Caballero Pickup.  Santa Claus in Texas on 5-25-2010
Keeps the car looking great between washes.Now my car requires fewer washes. This is going to save 1,000s of gallons of water.
Product looks and works as described. If you don't have one, i would suggest you get this one. Glad I did
I purchased this product back in early 2009 when I purchased my new car and still use this as my primary duster for the car even today. My honest opinion is everyone who has a car must get one! I am really OCD about keeping my car clean so here are my findings after almost 1 year of extensive use.PROS:1. It works exactly as advertised, taking care of dust and concealing very minor scratches.2. Does not leave behind any permanent scratches on the car unlike cheaper dusters that offer similar features.3. The handle, although a tad heavy, provides stability especially when cleaning the roof of a tall car.4. Even one year of frequent use, the duster works perfectly fine. I don't necessarily agree with everyone that it cleans better the dirtier it gets, but it'll suffice to say that it works just as well as day one.CONS:1. When I first started using this product, it left semi-transparent wax streaks all over my car which I absolutely could not tolerate. Then I learned that it's just paraffin wax that the duster comes coated with and these can be easily buffed out with a soft microfiber cloth. Most of the streaking wears off after a few weeks of use.2. This is a minor point, but my duster is not red anymore. It's virtually black in color but I suppose that's just a testament to how well it works!3. From my usage on a shiny black car from day one, this product DOES NOT FULLY clean dried rain spots on your car as indicated by a few reviewers. It merely takes care of accumulated dust on the car, albeit very well.After taking everything into consideration, I highly recommend this product!
This duster really works!I live 4 miles down a dirt gravel road and no matter how slowly I drive by the time I get to the house my Red 2011 SS CamaroIs covered in dust. The rear section is plastic so the dust sticks to it more than anywhere else. The California Dustertakes the dust off everywhere like magic and leaves no streaks. I am talking dusty like the worst of the worst and this Duster removes it with a simple wipe over the surface. I also bought the mini duster for the inside and I know it will work just as well on the dash as the big one works on the exterior. The money I will save on washing the dust off every time I go to town will pay for the duster in less than a month. My Camaro will be safe and dust free wintering over in the garage. Washing it before I put it away does not allow the car to dry properly and will cause the brake discs to rust, very bad.I am so very glad I found the California Duster and highly recommend it for anyone who cares about their vehicle.
After waxing my car then driving it around for errands I notice black fine dust on my car. This turned out to be dust that was attracted from the static charged created from waxing. With this duster, it removes the dust and makes my car look nice and clean. I dust after when I get home from driving. I did not experience the red streaks from the duster on the paint, but on hard surfaces like the trim I saw fine little red particles come off, but it flew off after a drive.If you ever waxed your car and noticed after it rains, the car has black streaks and nasty gray grim on it. That is from the dust. With this duster, it keeps my car cleaner and dust free.Oh and what I found out was if you stop by your local auto parts store, they have the California Duster for sale at a CHEAPER price!
This is the classic california car duster that is a must for keeping your car clean between washes. This is the wood handled version unlike the similarly priced wally-world variant that is hollow plastic. This thing will last as long as your car since the dirtier it gets the better it works.
Well made, We live in a very dry dessert climate and the dust is always in the air, I am now able to dust my car every morning and the duster works well! Highly recommended!
Great purchase. If you like to keep your vehicle looking good and don't have a lot of time to wash it when it is only dusty, then this is a great time saver. Takes only minutes and looks like it was just cleaned. Well worth the money.
The first worked so well I decided to purchase a second to keep in the car.  Not why, but as advertised the dirtier it gets the better seems to work.  As long as you use as suggested, dust your car, and not try to clean heavy dirt with it, it will leave your car spotless.
The Original California Duster was exactly what my car needed to look beautiful all the time.  Glad I got it.
We have a 50 ford with brand new paint job and it's great for keeping it shiny and dust free.I use it on my 06 SS chevy too.
We live in "Farm Country", therefore we live with dust and dirt. The California Duster is really helpful. I have a nice car and like to keep it halfway good looking. It works like a charm. Our son had one for his little sporty hot rod, so we followed his lead. I like it!
Amazingly wipes off dust keeping your car cleaner between washes. If you have a black car, you want to buy this product and use it often.
Awesome product - gets the dust off my car quickly and easily without a scratch.  I love it!!
Hi have a black car and it is constantly covered in dust. I have one of these for each car and they work great. Have used for years with no problems.
The Duster has been around for ages. I know off several people who used them and now I do. Works great. I used to live in the city, now country, and find my car and cycle to get dusty more often to where I had to wash them almost every week if I where to go to a car show. Now I can use the Duster and then  a quick detailer and be on my way several times before a wash is needed.
The small duster is leaving red fibers all over my black interior I will not use the small one anymore should I send it back or wash it to see if it does better?Thanks
I love the Ca Car Duster!! It does a great job keeping the dust of of my vette and it gets better every time I use it!
So far I am happy with the product, although I have only used it a couple times. I will be sure to update my review should something change.
You can trust that this item works well and does not scratch your paint. I was always skeptical previously and just asssumed these things scratched the car. But my paintless dent removal guy uses one and highly recommended the California Duster to me. He is fanatical about keeping his car totally detailed. And this product works so well that he never even washes his car unless it gets rained on. He just dusts it every morning before he backs out of his garage, and if needed he uses some liquid instant detailer and a microfiber cloth after dusting if he feels like it. It takes a total of less than 2 minutes to dust off an entire car, yet the result makes your car look like you just washed it.I use the California Duster before putting on my car cover so that there is no dust between the car and car cover. If you have a garage, it's quite useful since dust settles on the car during the day when you are out and about and at night, even garaged. You won't have to wash your car as often if you use the California Duster. And dust won't build up if you use it often enough.Before discovering the California Duster, I found that after washing my car, I could only use my car cover for a few days before the car got too dusty to put a cover over. Now I find that I can keep the car dust free and use the car cover for much longer, which in turn means I don't have to wash the car nearly as often.I got the plastic handle California Duster which was significantly cheaper at the time I ordered. Although the wood handle one looks classier and probably feels nicer, the plastic handle one feels plenty sturdy, for the value oriented, get the plastic handle one since it's the exact same brush anyway!I am really very happy with what I paid for the Calfornia Duster and would not hesitate to recommend one to anyone with a car or motorcycle. Just be aware what it is not made for a car that is wet or very dirty. My only complaint is that it is not actually made in Calfornia.
I am ordering a replacement California Duster today, because the one we've had for a decade finally gave up...For the people surprised at the initial streaking left on the car - the directions specifically state that you need to set it on newspaper for a couple days to let the paper absorb the residue. (To the best of my recollection, it's been 10 years since we last read the directions.)We live in South Texas, so the fine dust is endless - this is the perfect solution between waxings!We own five Mustangs, and show two of them currently.  Our cars live in their garage, so before heading out all we have to do is dust off and leave!If you are looking for an alternative to waxing (or painting!) your vehicle, this is not its intended purpose.  You need to have a good finish on your car before expecting the Duster to perform well.The product is sold as a DUSTER and performs wonderfully as a duster!
After I purchased California Car Duster I never went back to car wash. It is a great product which is very practical that can save you a lot of money from paying to a car wash. It has been 7 months since I've stopped going to car wash!!! I saved about $140 if I assume I would pay in average $10 for car wash and go there twice a month. For some it may be more, for some less than that, but it is definately a money saver!
I gave a five star rating because of past expierence using this product.The first California car duster I had recieved as a gift  lasted 15 yrs.I bought a new one 5 yrs ago its still doing a good job and use that for my work truck.t I wanted to buy  one for my wife's vehicle..I like the wooden handle FYI follow instructions about putting it on a newpaper for 48 hrs.It will show some streaks the few times of use.They have to get broken in and it does a great job.I highly recommend this product.
People were complaining about streaks but this works just as good as my 10 year old model it replaced. The handle feels a little cheaper but I haven't had any issues. Then again my car is white and maybe any streaking is harder to see. Just be sure to leave it out on some newspaper for a few days for best results.
I bought this for my black 2010 gt mustang and it scratched the hell out of my paint do not buy if you plan to use on black vehicles
If you like to keep your car clean, this duster is a must.  Once a day over the car and you can forget about most car washes.  Only wash the car after it gets gritty.  This purchase was to replace a 20 year old duster.  Happy to say, it's still a well made as my original.
What a wonderful find!  I live in the South and have to park my car outside during the day, so during pollen season there was no way to keep my car clean.  This product worked wonders in removing the daily dose of pollen and dust layered on my car.  I liked it so much that I also bought one for my son-in-law.
This is a great way to keep the dust off your car.  When I lived in Arizona, the dust was just awful.  I lived out in the country and my car always seemed to get caked with dust minutes after I washed it.  The CA duster did an awesome job of minimizing my trips to the car wash back then.  Things here in Califas aren't as bad as Arizona, but this duster keeps my cars looking car wash clean between washes.  I highly recommend it.  Plus, it's super gentle on the paint.
It's been open and sitting out, like they recommend, to let the wax on the duster dry out, but it still leaves wax streaks. Even using it without applying heavy pressure like they recommend too
Does the job in terms of dusting quality. I've had it for a couple months, but it still dusts really well. And I live in Denver, so it's really dry, so lots of dust accumulates. Good buy if you dust frequently instead of buying those worthless dust sheets that you throw away.
Needs some &#34;breaking in&#34;. Other than that, shipping was fast and definitely worth the money. I drive around a lot with the windows down, this helps a lot.
My car dash and panel is black.  It is constantly dusty.  I keep this in a baggie under my seat and quickly swipe all of the dash and instrument panel.  It keeps my car looking nice in little or no time at all.
Excellent car duster. I leave it in my glove box and it is great to remove excess dust. Make sure to follow the instructions upon first use as otherwise it will leave red strings behind.
The first few times it will leave red fuzzies on the dash.  After a couple of uses, this works great.  I love how easy it is and instantly makes the car look better!
I purchased this item for dusting on my Harley. It easily gets into hard to reach areas to keep them dust free. I also have used it for dusting in my automobile where it works well. I would recommend this product to all my friends. I do own the full sized California Duster for exterior dusting and the full size interior duster. They all work perfectly.
I like to keep my car clean.I have pretty bad allergies to dust, so mycar can be a scary place if it isn't clean.The only choice I had was using Armor All wipes.Not only are those suckers expensive, they make your whole dash shinejust way too much.The glare that it causes makes it hard to see.With this duster, you can keep those surfaces clean without theridiculous shine.Just a few simple swipes and you're good to go.Easier to use and much more cost effective and it doesn't take up much space to leave inside your trunk.Also comes with a plastic cover so the fabric surfaces don't pick up debriswhile rolling around in your trunk.I LOVE IT
These are great dusters and very gentle. They are apparently supposed to get better with use. We'll see how that goes. 4 stars for now. 5 if it lives up to the hype over time. Also, the seller who filled our order only gave us one case, despite ordering three dusters.
Red threads were left on my black car,  I followed the instructions and still small red threads.
I use this for dusting at home and it's the best duster ever!  It holds tons of dust/pet hair. I take it outside and shake it, that's it!!!
Always wanted one.Keeps the dust from flying to the next spot after using it.I take it outside to gently shake it out.It's a good product.
This thing works better than expected, even after 7 years.  It picks up all the dust, even though it's dry.  It's really good for getting dust off of small and medium sized objects, including books!
We use this duster at the H-D dealership I work at.  They're great, so I bought one for myself.  Use it around the house first and get it good and dusted up, before using it on a vehicle, or the mini-mop will leave streaks of whatever it is it's impregnated with, on the finish.After this review, they should send me another for free !
Just what I needed, as described and great quality for a Mini Duster, a very good price and as usual I received great service from Amazon Prime!
i love this thing. i use it in my car, on my computer keyboard, lamps, just about everything. it's a dust magnet.  i surely would recommend.
The mk4 Beetles have a dashboard made of a ridiculous rubber/plastic material that gets sticky when the sun heats it up.  Why VW chose to use this material is beyond me, but I know that the mini california duster is the ONLY product I've found that can successfully clean the dust off of the dashboard.  It sounds trivial, but this is a really great product for the reason that it achieves what no other product can (or so I've found).
I am not impressed, it left a lot of lint on my dashboard. You should not have to clean up after the duster.. it sort of defeats the purpose.
These have been around for a long time and they simply are great and work well. We have four around the house and love them for quick dust jobs.
This is the perfect duster.....I needed something small to dust all the country pictures I have on the stairways and this works perfect
When using this item on a Glossy Finish, as Wood or Plastic inside your Car, IT WILL LEAVE STREAKS AND RESIDUE!  In the item Description it states QUOTE: &#34;Wax-treated fibers easily collect dust but won't scratch&#34;.  This residue will be left on the surface of your car, and will have to be removed subsequently.  Imagine rubbing a Wax Candle on the Painted Surface of your Car, this is what this does, LEAVES A WAXY RESIDUE WHEN USED!
A very &#34;thin&#34; and cheap knock off.  What ever happened to the &#34;Original California Duster&#34;?  We have two of them from 12 years ago they still work good.  We did plan on replacing them.  Needless to say we still have them and  the new ones we should have sent back but didn't spend the time.
If you've even used a large California Duster on the outside of your car, then you know what to expect.  This is best used for the inside a car or the house due to it's small size (about the same surface area as a clothes iron).  When new it may leave a waxy residue and some lint.  That's normal.  Just &#34;season&#34; it with a few dustings, and both things will go away.  These things work better the dirtier they get.  So don't wash it - that will actually ruin its effectiveness.  Just be sure to shake it out before and after each use.  That's al the maintenance these things every require.A note of caution - some of these dusters sold online from unknown vendors can be fakes.  They may look similar, but are cheep knock-offs of The Original California Duster than may not work as well.  So be careful with what you're buying and from whom.  I can certify that this item purchased from Amazon was the real thing that came with a storage case and instructions as it's supposed to.  You can always trust Amazon.  Unlike a Swiffer refill that loses effectiveness when not new and must be replaced, this will not simply push around dust.  It'll collect everything and gets better the dirtier it gets.  Pick up one for yourself.
I use this duster in the house on my furniture, TVs, whatever needs dusting.  It works as well as the Swiffer dusters but you don't have to keep buying replacements, which is better for both the environment and the wallet.  It's size is probably comparable to a Swiffer duster, and it comes with a storage bag to help keep it clean.
First use and even now months later.. works awesome.Picks up dust and holds it till you are finished.  Make dusting around my house and inside my car a breeze...I accidently ordered the larger version (cheap knock off) and threw it away after my first try... but this little one is awesome... love it..
All of the California duster products are great. My car always looks like it has just been washed. Great Father's  Day gift.
My daughter loves dusting the house with this. It hasn't even made it out to the car yet. It picks up a ton of dust, and it doesn't fall back out until you shake it out.
Greatest duster ever. This is a product every home should have. This makes dusting so easy and you don't need all those sprays. Your furniture will never look better. So, stop whatever you are doing and order this now, you won't be disappointed.
Love this duster. Only downside is that you can't replace the heads on them but they work for months to collect and keep dust off surfaces.
This little gem removes dust and fingerprints from most surfaces without leaving a residue, and it works fast. I especially like it for cleaning spaces in and behind the radiator. After using it for 6 months it still doesn't need washing, and only infrequent shaking-out. I was spending a small fortune on Swiffer duster replacements that didn't work as well because of the flimsy handles.  I keep one upstairs and one down where I can grab them in a hurry.
Had one of these a long time ago. Worked great but wore it out. Saw it on Amazon for a good price so I bought another
Twists the tongue, doesn't it? Well, I speak the truth, and it sucks. Maybe I got a bad one, but.. I kind of doubt it.I was dusting my car for a second, next thing I knew &#8212; I was sitting in it an extra hour, cleaning up red stuff that was stuck on everything. It's like a smoke bomb all of a sudden.Sad first world problem. Very sad.
I am very pleased with the two car dusters, and the service that made thedelivery, as always> Jim Nichol  Excellent
I've had the full-sized California Car Duster since purchasing a black automobile last year. I added the mini duster to keep the inside looking clean in between detailings.This duster works. Simple as that. Run it over the dash and the console and the dust disappears. It takes 5 seconds to keep the car looking sharp.
I used it all day the day it was delivered.  Smells like furniture polish.
Love it.  Purchased two. This is the most handy item you can ever imagine.  Especially when dusting and cleaning in tight places and in my vehicle.  And I can take the cloth duster part off and wash it.
This thing is cool, too bad it doesn't remove BUGS!!
I purchased 4 of these recently.  I already had 1 and love it.  I decided to buy some more for different areas of the house and car.  Buy it; you'll be very pleased with how well it picks up and traps dust.
I have owned the &#34;original&#34; California mini duster for many years (I actually own 2 as we received both on the same Christmas years ago...one we never opened and one we used many times that hasn't looked any worse for the wear... and so we wanted to purchase one for a relative...imagine my surprise when I held them side by side...the one we just purchased was about half the weight of ours and that's because the quality has diminished so much that aside from the logo and the color you wouldn't possibly think they were supposed to be the same product. It's like the duster head has had a really bad haircut and suffered a massive amount of &#34;hair&#34; loss. Now seeing how it was the last minute we went to the auto stores hoping against the odds to find an &#34;original&#34; California mini duster comparable  to ours in quality as it was part of a gift. We did find that stores carry them but the quality was as poor as the one we received from online, albeit the difference was that the online purchase came in a baggy with a sticker on the bag and the store bought came with instructions and a storage package and it was less expensive. We found another brand that was almost equal to our old one, so all is well there. Bottom line, I cannot recommend this product and wish the company could see what a poor quality product they are trying to pass off as the original.
Picks up dust effectively and is small enough to fit in glove box. Works good for a quick dust job between regular car cleanings.
Works very well.
I love this mini duster for home cleaning. It's fast and fun to use. I wish they made a dust mop for floors.
Performs well.  I originally purchased this mini duster for my car but I have been using it around the apartment instead.  Works great!
I have not used the Mini Duster yet, but plan to use it in the house for quick dusting in small places.
I have been a long time user. I reordered this product for the 3rd time. That should tell you how pleased I am. Great product for auto and home.
Works great for the dashboard and other surfaces in your vehicle.  Also good around the house.  Words really good on vent louvers.
best of all, its fast and doesn't spread any dust while working the inside of car. The grand kids love dusting the car after trashing it during a trip to Fargo. ND.  Love it!!!
Nice small duster.  You can still wipe down a small car pretty quick with it.
Great product I use it on my car, my home window shades and in our RV. The big one and the little ones are indespensible
This gets a 5 star for me.  It is small and compact.  Quality is OK.I like the size since I keep it in the vehicle for touch up cleaning.  Easy to store.If you want a quality duster in a &#34;mini&#34; size, this should work just fine.
I've bought these things for years, but I've never bought one from Amazon. Maybe what I'm experiencing would be true wherever it's purchased, but this is smaller than the one I got just over a year ago from Wal-Mart. Also, the fibers are much thinner and fall out more often. The worst thing is that the plastic of the &#34;apex&#34; of the triangle has been breached by the handle; it pushed right through it! So my opinion of this is that is it either a knock-off, or just very cheaply made. Such is the fate of nearly every product we buy these days, however...
First, let me say that I hate dusting.  This item, however, makes it tolerable and easier.  I am impressed with the amount of dust that it will pick up, and you will appreciate the handle.  Amazon has it at a very competitive price, $7.91, with super saver shipping and no tax.  I purchased mine at our local hardware store for $10 plus tax, so the deal here is good.December 20, 2011 update:  My duster was getting fairly grungy, and I remembered that the accompanying literature indicated that it could be washed.  Here is the stupid thing that I did, which you do not want to do.  I washed the duster in with my regular laundry.  The red ran and permanently stained all of the other laundry items.  The good news (not much) is that the cover did not shrink and went back on the holder.  So, the next time I wash this, it will be done only with cleaning rags, not the regular laundry.January 21, 2013:  This duster still works, although when I buy the next one, I probably will not wash it at all.December 30, 2013 update:  Just wanted to share that now I believe that it was a poor idea to ever wash the duster.  Now it pushes the dust around versus picking it up.  I am going to buy another one and never wash it.
If you are like me an obsess over your motorcycle being clean and dust free just before a ride, this works great for a quick dust-off.
Duster is great to keep in your car for dusting the dashboard and console. Works like a charm. Would highly recommend and also purchase another one.
Just like the standard size California Duster. Let it cure on a piece of newspaper for a day or so. It may leave lint the forst few uses. But then it does an excellent job and will last a long time.
Works great!  Use it around the house, on computer monitors, TVs, your car's dash, etc.
I've used it to clean the interior of my Mini several times and it fits nicely in one of the small boot compartments so I can have it with me whenever the interior starts to show dust.
These are great dusters for around the house or in the car.  But these are the older versions.  Must have been a clearance or something.  Anyway...I love California Dusters!
This is a really handy little tool for quickly dusting the inside of a car. It gets into all the little nooks and crannies and really seems to trap the dust. The only issue is that it leaves red fibers behind - I'm hoping this will lessen with time.
Great duster to remove dust and pollen!  I have Been wanting one of these for a while ever since I used my son's duster.
This mini duster is fantastic!  I had one for about 7 years and thought it was time to buy a new one.  I recomend this highly. I have mahoganey high lacquered furniture, and it does a fantastic job.
The duster is perfect size and comes with a plastic bag to carry in your trunk, It works great in dusting the interior of the car.
This was a gift for my dad's birthday. I had no idea he had already bought the full-size duster in the same brand and loves it! So he was thrilled to get the mini duster to use inside the vehicle. He is a car buff, so it will be taking good care of his "baby"!
Followed directions to the letter and shook the duster out over and over before first use.  Leaves tons of red lint fiber all over my ride, worse than the amount of dust I had.  Took it out of the truck and put the Swiffer back in.  Will try and break it in around the house, but if the paraffin is supposed to hold the dust - why does it not hold it's own red fiber??????I will change my rating if things improve.  It does have a very strong and sturdy handle.
Didn't realize how easy and effective it is until now. I can clean a room in a couple of minutes. Definitely worth buying.
I like the product and it works. it didn't seem like it had a lot of paraffin on the mop part (smell test), but it did pick up the dust and cleaned it well. At first there was a minimal amount of red fibers that shed, but now it is nearly insignificant. Overall a non-issue. The supplied cover works fine, but it doesn't really fit all that well with the product... I dust off at red lights and I clean and then spray dressing on it to keep the plastic looking matte shiny and black.
As others have noted, you need to shake it out before using in order to remove the pink particles.  Otherwise it dusts like a charm.  It's magic for a black dashboard.  I really like the storage pouch that comes with it.
Again arrived very quick, Brilliant for dusting tvs and stands and furniture, also great for skirting boards and stairs.  A must buy if you have wooden floors.
I bought these years ago when K-mart had themin stock but the have not carried them at ourlocal store in a long time.  Glad I found themat Amazon.com.  Very good duster and I wishedI would have sent my old one back to the companyjust to show how much it was used and how it stood thetest of time. Great Product!
I love these things!  The road to our mountain home is dirt!  So, all it takes is one trip up or down the road and the car(s) are filthy.  I don't know what I would do without these dusters - certainly I would not want to wash the car everyday.  I even rinse the dusters with water, and it seems to help keep them clean.  I use the big ones for the outside of the car and small ones for the inside.  'Makes life easier.
Like its cousin, the large original Calif. duster, this does a great job on surface inside the car.  A terrific product.  I only wish it came with a storage case like its larger cousin.
We bought the regular sized California duster a couple months ago, and have loved it so much that I ended up getting this mini version for the interior of the car.  Our car has a darker interior and we live off a dirt road, so between the two our car can get a little dusty.  It's so easy to grab this duster, and just do a few swipes on the dash and console to make the car look better.  The big one works just as well on the exterior.
Ive had these before and they have been exelent. This one is garbage. The strings on it are all uneven and VERY lightly put togeather. Meaning that it looks bald. There arent very many strings on here to do anything. The ones Ive had a couple years ago were like a FULL head of hair and would pick up anything. I dont know if they are getting  cheap or if this one is just a fluke. I'd try and buy from walmart or some place you can look at it and make sure.
We had one that we bought at a fair and it got lost.  We were so happy to replace it.  We use it for our tv screen and love it.
I got this to use in my new car to keep the inside dusted but I liked it so much I brought it in to use in my house.  Makes dusting quick and easy.
For 12 years I owned a California mini Duster and had to finally toss it out since it was so worn, and I purchased this one as a replacement. I love the compact size which makes it easy to get in all those crevices near the steering wheel, radio buttons, and the dashboard and that it is treated with a paraffin wax to leave a shine on the dash. I also like how it magnetically collects the dust and doesn't just push it around the dash while cleaning and it holds the dust until I shake it out. Unlike my old one, the new version comes with a nice slipcover to hold it in. The only downside to that was that the inside of the slipcover was a bit greasy at first from the paraffin wax, but once I wiped it out, it was fine.I'm giving this 4 stars because this newer version is lower in quality than the original because it leaves little red fibers everywhere the first few times you use it, which the original one never did. Overall, this is a great product for the cheap price and I really like it. I could do without the shedding fibers though.
The Dash Duster leaves the passenger compartment spotless. It is better than having strangers at the car wash wipe the interior of your car with the same soiled terry cloth towels used on other vehicles along with wiping their own sweaty faces with!Paul Everett VinsonSan Antonio, TX
I've used a California Duster in the past with other vehicles and loved how it sucked up dust and dirt and held without scratching my finish.  I had gotten away from super-anal car care the last few years but with a recent purchase of a brand new 2014 Subaru XV Crosstrek, my Automotive wishlist her on Amazon has been growing and another California Duster has been towards the top of the &#34;Really Want&#34; list.I still have my old Original California Duster and it works great (like fine wine, it got better with age) but was mostly interested in this smaller one for the interior.  I have a dark grey/charcoal colored interior that is patterned and almost feels 'sticky' to the touch for lack of a water word.  Using a microfiber cloth didn't really clean up the dust too well and another duster I picked up here works ok on the radio console and steering wheel but not on the dash itself.Despite a few negative reviews here I decided to give it a go after a recent price drop.  Picked this up for $4.63 when I figured I didn't have much to lose.Put it out on the porch for two days on a stack of newspapers as was suggested.  After that I gave it a bunch of really good shakes and then ran my fingers thru the fibers a few times trying to get out any of the lose ones.  That seemed to do the trick because I haven't had any issues with stray red fibers all over the place or the pad falling apart as I've read in previous reviews.Shortly after I went out to the car and cleaned the outside and the inside.  Shook it out a bunch and it seemed to work great on the dash which has been a PITA since I bought the car.  Afterwards I brought it inside and used it to dust my entire first floor of my house.  This included behind my tv and entertainment center, on top of my refrigerator and all those other places normally buried in dust.  Worked like a charm, sucked it all up and didn't let go.So I'd have to say this, just like it big brother, the Original, works like a charm.  For anyone having other issues like red fibers all over the place, I'd recommend following the steps I did listed above, it worked great for me and as of now I have a great little duster that I paid less then 5 bucks for.  IMO, u can't beat it.
Yes, it's actually that useful. I had one in my car for over a year and use it to dust the dashboard and anywhere else in the interior. I eventually thought I'd try to use it inside the house, since it makes dusting easy without having to buy replacement parts like the swiffer system requires. Well, now I miss having one in the car, so I'm looking to get another to leave there.As others have said, it will leave an oily residue on paper or cardboard surfaces, similar to what you would expect from a french fry placed on a brown paper bag. So, store it in the case it comes with. When that breaks eventually, use a plastic bag and wrap it around the red duster part and coil it around the handle to make it stay. A spare produce bag works well because it doesn't have handles like regular shopping bags.As opposed to shaking it off outside, which might mean dust flying around you, I rather use a cordless vacuum to get the dust off the duster after each use. (True, you'll eventually encounter that same dust eventually when you empty the cordless vac, but that can be at least less often than each shake you do after using the duster.)If you have a foggy mirror (bathroom) after steamy showers due to poor air circulation, another product they offer isThe Original California Jelly Blade, and it works very well too. That specific one is no longer sold, but on that page, you can see the video demonstration I uploaded that shows how it effectively works. Link for just the video demo: http://www.amazon.com/review/R1CTR0E5AB1FG4/ref=cm_cr_dp_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B000EQ38XG&nodeID;=15684181&tag;=&linkCode;=
I show Mustangs and dirt/lint/dust can really impact a judge.  This little thing works wonders and it's bigger brother keeps your car clean and dust free.Initially, it will leave a bit of streaking on dark paint as the waxy substance that grabs dirt can come off a bit, but as you use it--and it gets dirtier--it works better and better.  The streaks easily come off with a quick spritz of detail spray.Get this.  Use it.  You'll love it.  And get the large one for your outside.Trust me.  It's that good.
This is a great Item. My wife loves it. Works exatly the way it is advertised. Glad that I ordered 2.Great company to do business with.
Easily one of the best products I've purchased. I also own the jumbo sized original california car duster. But that one is heavy on the hands. This one is light, very manoueverable and great to use. I actually look for any excuse to use it.
When they say mini they mean mini me!!  The photos of this product are little deceiving I thought it would have been a little bigger/longer but that shouldn't detract from how effective this product works.  This product may streak the first couple of uses so I wouldn't recommend running it across plastic or glass at first.  The duster I purchased shed like crazy when I first used it. I don't know if that is common or not but it has since stop shedding over several uses.  Overall I am satisfied with the purchased and you will be too!
I especially like it for my car, I have a dog and it picks up the hair.
I needed something better whenever I brushed away dust from the dashboard in my car. Finally, I found this one of the best things for my car. It's small, so easy to carry in my car. In addition, it might have kind of grease and it makes dust be away on the dashboard after use. I surely recommend it.
works great not just in your car but also around the house and my computer.
These dusters just get better with age. Like the small size to get into the crannies around my home theater system
Many years back I worked retail and the shelves in my store were all black and our district office always sent us these dusters to clean the shelves with.  So, now many years down the road we refurnished our living room w/ black furniture and the first thing I did was go out and get one of these.  It is the best thing ever for dusting!  It leaves absolutely NO lint behind and works like a charm!
I was really upset with my vacum's in ability to clean the fine dust from my electronics so I ended up buying expensive pre-moistened lint free cleaning towels that left even more fine particles that show up.I researched these dusters and decided to buy one because of the excellent reviews.After using the mini-duster the company that makes these is now my new favorite company. These dusters pick up every little thing and the wax coating actually leaves my equipment looking new and shiney. Its simply amazing something like this does a much better job than my $200 vacum, plus it cuts my cleaning time in half from not having to go over every thing again and again!I'm placing an order for more of these dusters and the long handled version so I can reach those hard to reach areas.Highly recommended!
This duster is fabulous. Dusting will never be fun, but with this tool it almost IS! As a computer teacher I purchased two. The students even ASKED if they could dust with it. They did a great job on the computer screens, tables, and shelves!
bought two for my hubby and me to combat the dust on the dashboards of our cars. takes just few seconds and car is clean!
I bought this for my boyfriend who had been looking for one to replace the one he had for years. I was really excited about the price, but was very disappointed when I was reminded you get what you pay for. He took it out of the box and shook it to get any fuzz or lint out. Unfortunately, the entire thing began to fall apart. He has purchased several other dusters for his car and hasn't found one to replace his old California duster, so I ordered him another one...this time one of the more expensive ones. Hopefully it will remain in one piece!
works great, also have regular size california duster ,.
Everybody that I know with a custom car has one or one just like it and I think mine works the best.
This is the handiest little duster brush!  I bought a car with a black interior.  Ugh!  Need this brush to keep it from looking dusty all the time. But.....to my surprise, I use this little brush in the house more than outside.  It is super for dusting my piano, and other surfaces that show dust.  FAR superior to Pledge and a rag!
It will leave small red lints when cleaning the seat and floor of the car. So I think it is not so good.
It is leaving red fibers all over my black interior I will not use it again should I wash it or send it back.
Works as advertised, great for knocking the dust off of your dashboard. I'm not sure what else to say about it...
I am more than pleased with this duster. Works like a swiffer, but you don't have to buy replacements.
This is a nice little product for dusting my dash and console area in my new vehicle. The only problem I have with this little guy is the fact that it leaves behind little tiny bits of red particles from the duster fibers. To me, that is very annoying, and actually defeats the purpose of having the duster in the first place. Maybe because it's still relatively new, I'm not sure. Hopefully over time, these little fiber bits will go away the more I use the duster. Time will tell. Otherwise, it's a cool little product. FYI, AFTER I received this duster in the mail, I started seeing these things ALL OVER the place in my local big box auto shops, Wal Mart, etc...so save yourself some time and shipping costs and get one there. Just sayin'.....
I don't like this. During dustering it leaves red threds on the surface. I do not recommend this product to any one.
I purchased it about a year and half ago.  It still does the job.  However, I recently noticed that the duster does not work as well as in the beginning.
FELL APART DON'T BUY.  Leaves more dust when your done then when you started.Not anything like the original duster.
I use this duster on my convertible (right now it is pollen season). I used to hand-wash the car every 2 weeks. Now I dust once to twice a week and maybe wash every 6 weeks or so. Looks cleaner now and is a lot less work.The duster works magic!
As usual, quality beyond any average expectations. If your a classic or muscle car owner, this is what you need in your car care package.
I had a California Super Duster and used it for my sports car.  It did such a great job getting the dust off without scratching the finish, I ordered one as a gift.
This item belongs to those: You have to see it to believe it statements. Keep your car dust free all the time and no scratching whatsoever, it's magic!
We use this on a black car.  It is very effective at picking up the dust off of the car between cleanings.  It does not result in streaks on the finish (as in streaks of dust).
Have always used the regular California Duster.  Time to replace the one I have had for years.  Thought I would try the Extra Large duster.  This has twice the dusting surface, it is faster and does the same great job.  I have a black Town and Country which shows dust!  This does a great job in just a few minutes.  A great product.
I have a white car which I was getting tired of having to wash every week. I did some research and this proved to be my best option. I completely love the super duster. It is not heavy as some people have said and it saves me from having to wash my car every week.
This is a very good duster I have owned one for 5 years and now I have to replace.
This little tool makes dusting easy. It picks up dust well. I love to run it over my wooden furniture. With this, I never mind dusting anymore.
California car duster cannot be beat for cleaning a car without soap or water or any other cleaners. No need to wash it, the dirtier the better! Just shake it out after use.
Great to use between washes.  It actually does get better with use.  Wish I had purchased one sooner.  I was a little worried that using this duster on dry dust would scratch the clear coat but this does not appear to be an issue.  The Super size gets my Tundra done in a hurry.
I've seen this product used a number of times over the years and recently decided to get one for myself. This particular duster is quite large and perfect for my large truck.  If you have a family sized vehicle or a compact, I would recommend one of the smaller California dusters.  This product works as advertised.  As I see it there are but two drawbacks: one, if you use the duster on the vehicle's glass, a waxy residue will be deposited.  Two, the duster gives off a powerful chemical odor.  Stored in the garage no problem.  Stored in the house a significant problem.  The bottome line is that I'm happy with my duster and would buy it again.
This is a great duster. It is big enough so that you can cover a lot of area with it in short amount of time. Just shake it out when you are done and you are ready for the next time. I recommend it if you are looking for a duster.
I was sold on these back in 1999 when I saw a man dusting his $15,000 black paint job on a hot rod at a car show.  I was at first shocked to see him running it over the paint and asked him about scratching the paint.  He said he would use nothing else to get light dust and pollen of his cars and the proof was there to see.  My last one "died" the other day after 5 years of almost daily use when a defective bleach bottle spilled in my trunk after grocery shopping.  I am ordering another one today.  I've used these on many different cars and colors - including black and have never had problems.  This is truly a bargain even at twice the Amazon price.
I was already familiar with the product line because I have the hand duster, which is terrific for dusting in the house.  I purchased this item for dusting our cars and for reaching the corners of our ceilings in the house.  This duster is fairly heavy, and it appears that if I use it to dust in the corners of house, I'm going to get a workout, because the item is heavy.  Men should find this no problem.  There is a terrific amount of dusting capacity for use on your car, however.  Amazon has run this item as low as $15 with super saver shipping.
Although I have not tried other models of the California duster, I really like this design. Since this model has dusting tassles all the way around, you simple rotate the duster after each wipe. This will ensure that the dust you capture does not build up in any one spot. This design also works well for dusting the underside of my car's spoiler.The duster really does capture dust and not just push it around. My only complaint is that the re-usable storage bag should be larger than it is to make it easier to get the duster back into it.
if you want to wash your car less and still keep it clean. use this to dust off the car in between washes.  works great on dust and minor dirt.
I own a black car and dust stands out.  When I want the car to shine, I merely take out my Super Duster and in minutes it's like I washed it.
I own an expensive muscle car and I couldn't imagine using anything else.  This duster removes all dust and leaves a great shine.
I had brought a similiar item at walmart several years ago. My boyfriend and his parents live on an extremely dusty road. I purchased these for them after they saw how well they worked. They are happy to have a "semi dust-free" car now!! Now they just need to MOVE off that dirt road and it would be perfect!!
The Super Duster has been very efficient in removing dust off my new 2005 Camry XLE and keeping her shiny between washes. Along with trimming car wash expenses, the full knitting minimizes twists of the wrist inherent with one-sided dusters to keep upright.I recommend this product most highly.Paul Everett VinsonSan Antonio, TX
The desert gets really dusty, so having this product to swipe over my car (especially windows) helps me save money on car washes. I wish the package had included a bigger cover to store the brush in. It's awkward putting it back into the same cover it came in, once you start accumulating dirt.
Does exactly what it says it will do. I use it mostly when I pull in to a resort park and want to knock the road dust off.
I just received my new California Super Duster to go along with my brand new car. This thing is great...especially in the days between a car wash and a rainy day. The California Super Duster will make it look like you wash your car every day.First let me just state the obvious: The Super Duster is meant for use on a DRY car....not wet. Sorry...just had to say it.The key thing about the Super Duster is that it doesn't leave those swirls that you might otherwise get from just wiping your car down. It's got super-soft bristles that glide over the finish of your car and remove all the dust. On the other hand, make sure *dust* is all you're trying to remove with the Super Duster. Don't try to use it on silt and other 'sandy" type build-ups. Don't use it on bird droppings. And never scrub with it; if a gentle glide doesn't remove what you're trying to get rid of, go to the conventional method(s) of cleaning your car. Otherwise you risk swirls or scratches.This is my second duster after owning my last one for...well...since sometime in the 90s. Thelast oneI had was a bit smaller with only a 15" cleaning head; the one on this page has a nice, big 31" cleaning head. And I was almost reluctant to get the 31" because my 15" was still working so well after all these years. In fact, as time goes by the thing actually works *better* as it starts to look dirtier.After your first use or two you may experience a little streaking (which freaked me out), and it even tells you in the packing that this may happen due to a "parrafin wax" that the Super Duster's soft bristles are treated with. Rest assured that this stops after like your first few uses, the wax does not harm the car's finish and it easily wipes off. Before the first use of the Duster, remove it from its packing and let it hang in you garage for a day or two; this greatly reduces the amount of streaking that may occur on your first try.So if you can get by the minor "streaking" thing that *might* occur in your first try, you'll love the results that the Super Duster provides. It's like taking your best suit to the dry cleaner with the major difference being you get a bright, shiny car back in under a minute using the Super Duster.Now...hit the road!
My review topic says it all. If you want to keep your new car clean, but don't want to go through the trouble of washing it each month. This duster will help. It's really amazing that how it can collect dirt instead of pushing them around like other brand. Moreover, you don't need to wash your duster at all. Besides, washing your car too often with drive-through can really damage the painting of your car.
I've used these at work for years when I clean my vechicle and I just bought another for my house.  They are great to wipe down the most of your car, depending on how particular you are you may want to keep the shammy to get the tight spots.
I used this product several times according to instructions, and found that I have small parallel scratches all over the car in exactly the directions that this blade is used.  Not recommended.Edit:  I emailed them about this, and also wrote a review for their website.  They didn't reply to the email, and they apparently only put happy reviews on the website.  Neither good customer service nor honest.
Works great on our clears shower doors. No scratching. Best we have found by far.
This is the best product i used to dry my cars and the ones i do at work. It cuts the time in half to dry the car. I love this product.
This item makes washing a car fun and easy by removing 95% of the water that causes streaking and spotting, so careful drying with a single towel to finish up is about all you need.  Like all drying products, you want to make sure there is no grit on the blade or the car.  Also, this model has a hard plastic handle which can scratch paint if you are not careful.  The Jelly blade version is more flexible and has a softer handle.
Never thought a black car would be easy to wash/dry without spots--------this is the ticket, dries  the car quickly so that you can touch it up with a soft terry towel. No spots and a job well done. But--BEWARE--it's not the products fault if you leave some grime on the car and try to dry it--IT WILL CAUSE SCRATCHES----so just make sure you have a "CLEAN" car and this item will be a joy. I try to store it with the blade up so its not laying down with a chance to deform the blade.
The Original California Water Blade is the best ever!  I had one years ago and could not find another one locally so I checked Amazon.  I have used mine on my sliding glass door and it was so easy and did the best job ever. I would recommend one of these for everyone!
I really like using this product because it cuts the drying time of car washing to almost no time at all.  I hate spending a long time drying my car so it is perfect!
I used one of these water-blades at a school car wash and was sold. The parent that brought the water-blade said he had received it as a gift and was really happy with it, used it a lot. It does not remove all the water, you still have some small amounts that will require a towel, but this is a small amount. We used it on 20-30 cars at the car wash to pre-dry the cars before the kids finished the job and it worked great! Purchased one for myself, so I guess that's a good recommendation.
This is a great product.  I wash a full size Dodge truck that quickly water spots.  This blade allows me to get the majority of the water off the truck so it can be dried quickly with a minimum of water spots.  I recommend this product.
I tried this for the first time last night and WOW!  Drying my full size SUV was a breeze.  VERY fast, VERY thorough, and actually fun to use.  My kids were arguing about who got to use it next.  It takes a bit of getting used to, but by the end of the job, I was a pro.Now, you're not going to get EVERY drop of water off, but you'll get 90% of it off and can quickly wipe up the rest with a chamois or microfiber towel.I'll probably be washing my vehicles more often now that I have this beauty to help me out!
Had my doubts, but got a new car, and had problems with water spots after a wash.  The first time I used the California Car Duster Water Blade, I was sold.Still need to catch a few drops with the Chamois, but reduces drying time by 1/2.
I lost my first one that I had for 3 years and I could not go without one.  They are great!
If you wash you own car, this is a "gotta have".  Dries the car or even an SUV in only a few minutes.  Car needs only a few touch ups with a terry towel and it looks great.
I didn't receive it.  I received a cover for a microwave plate.  I will be returning it.
These water blades are awesome...i was very skeptical on them cause ive been using chamois for years and years...they always left scratches on the paint like terry towels....i worked in the automotive body industry and all we ever used was this water blade and it worked great...even on a freshly new painted car it would not leave scratches.
It's simple, last forever, and can't be improved upon.  The perfect ending to washing your car.
We've been using this water blade as a shower squeegee -- it is the most effective tool we've found to remove the water from the walls of our shower. It's large and efficient.
Great time saver for drying your car. Clean your shower after daily use. Excellent for cleaning windows with ammonia.
I had only a small, low place to store a mop in the kitchen and this is perfect.  My only complaint is that the socket where the handle screws in split fairly early on.
It works great. My house is so dusty ALL THE TIME. Thought I would start dusting the hard flooring instead of vacuuming to keep the  dust down. Not sure I noticed any difference yet but sure is easy to get the mop out instead of the vacuum. I love it!
I have used the california duster on my car for years and after getting laminate flooring decided to try this little mop... it does an excellent job, easy to get around the area rugs and after gathering all the dust and crumbs use a hand vac and "all done!".
Works real quick for dusting tile floors.With the fine dust we get down here in Florida, it works great.
I frequently use this mop when I am too lazy to vacuum.  Very lightweight and easy to store.  There's extension to adjust the height.  The only thing I complained about this, you will have to use your hands to clean up the dirt it picked up.  Otherwise, it is perfect fast cleaning way to pick up my cats hair and dust....
This mope won't pick anything up. It's the worst product I have ever received form California Car Duster. The pivot is really bad. Can't use it on a flat surface. It designed for all overhead dusting.  Hope you have better luck!!
Keeps a clean bonnet troughout the polishing jobs.I do three cars at a time.GREAT PRICE.Keeps a clean bonnet troughout the polishing jobs.I do three cars at a time.GREAT PRICE.Keeps a clean bonnet troughout the polishing jobs.I do three cars at a time.GREAT PRICE.Keeps a clean bonnet troughout the polishing jobs.I do three cars at a time.GREAT PRICE.Keeps a clean bonnet troughout the polishing jobs.I do three cars at a time.GREAT PRICE.Keeps a clean bonnet troughout the polishing jobs.I do three cars at a time.GREAT PRICE.
If I could drill a straight hole, the assembly would have been much easier. It is what they said it would be.  No bottoms included in the package.
I purchased this ramp kit expecting to get a pair of ramp tops and a pair of ramp bottoms. Based on the photos and the description by the manufacturer. Well this kit only contains ramp tops. There are no bottoms in this kit despite the appearance that there is.
Instructions are straight forward and easy to understand .... assembly took less than 45min.  worked like a charm........  I never rate things at 100%, so 4 stars is the best I can do ;-)
This is good hardware. Just make sure you buy good solid boards to put them on. The only complaint I have about these is that the rubber around the X does not stay on. I tried regluing them with no sucess. They work great for me. I would recommend them. Amazon ROCKS!
Nice kit. Everything there to make some awesome ramps. I purchased a 12' treated 2x10 lumber for the ramps (cut this in half) and an 8' treated 2x4 (cut in half) to be used as a brace under the ramps.I bolted the 2x4 tall with 1/4" bolts in four places under each ramp. This is an upscale kit.
This is about the worst buy I have made in recent years. It looks nice on the picture, but it performs very poorly and is way to expensive. Don't buy!!!!!
SPIN ASHTRAY is a modern marvel for the cigarette smoker (I would not advise this for cigars or for pipes). This clever tray, though I find it a bit 'breezy' when I first flick ashes onto the surface, requires only the shove-down of the central 'button' mechanism ~ POOF! ~ away goes everything, into the sealed interior of the ashtray which you have just opened, James Bond-style, by pushing the button.These ashtrays, if well maintained, are excellent and safe. The ashes and cigarette butt disappear inside and are instantly extinguished. I find them to be among the safest ashtrays in the world. My wife owns one of these, mounted on a tall, slender stand ~ roughly the same cost as this tabletop model here. We are veteran ashtray collectors but we like functionality. This is my wife's favorite of all styles.The only problem is if you knock this over onto the floor. A fire could start under such circumstances, if you extinguished a cigarette right before you knocked if over ~ I would not worry about that. A funny thing this ashtray always reminds me of: NEVER have I or anyone in the course of my life dropped or spilled an ashtray.This is a fine quality, long-lasting and efficient ashtray that will serve you well if you serve it well, and safely. The only complaints I have are the cleaning involved, which can get complicated.
I don't smoke, but most of my friends do.  I REALLY don't like old smelly butts in an open ashtray.This one is very good looking, weathers well outside, does not rust, is wind-proof, cleans easily.What more could I ask for?
this is a nice quality has a very good look & the heavy weight makes it even better. good choice
This is a high-quality ashtray, I find that all Blomus products are generally high-quality and last a long time.  It is really easy to clean and looks nice in the house.  Would recommend.
Very substantial, heavy, smooth, a not too shiny brushed-nickel-finished ashtray. I use it mostly as bric a brak for this or that coffee table, and less as an ash tray. Has a very nice feel to it and would recommend it for the above purpose
This ashtray was a great little buy. It is small and shiny and blends right in with the stainless steel in my kitchen and it keeps people from ashing in my kitchen sink!! It has a space-shippy vibe
I knew when I saw that they were made by Blomus they would be good quality, I have ordered many other products of theirs.  We had tile installed through out the house and if you dropped a glass ash tray it would shatter and glass would go every where.  We just love these and they go with the stainless steel we have in the kitchen/family room!
The delivery was on time, well packaged, and met the description parameters. However, I had hoped it would be a little more substantial. Very light and thin metal, and very cheap looking. It looks like something you would find in a Dollar Store. Definitely not worth the price and I do not recommend it.
I have purchased dozens of ashtrays for my home---mainly for pretty.  But I do smoke.  These Blomus ashtrays are the ONLY ones that are pretty AND functional.  I try not to go off and leave a cigarette burning, but if I ever do, and it is in the little groove, it will stay there. And when it burns down it will extinguish itself.  To clean them you just wipe it with a damp cloth or paper towel.  They don't get burn marks or stains.  They are Wonderful!!!!!  And they are heavy.  The 8cm is great for the bathroom as it is small but holds 3 or 4 butts nicely.
small ashtray as said, 4cm. made of brushed stainless steel, and gorgeous at that. compliments any modern home, and easily replaces any glass or other ashtray. Blomus manufactures a beautiful line of other products that are equally as good.
I was looking online in many websites for an ashtray and I couldn't find a better ashtray than this one for the design. You can put your ashes in a bottle of beer and will do the job, but the design and style of this one I really enjoyed looking at it in my living room.
I'm a stainless steel lover so I ended up with this tray instantly. It's deep and well polished. Easy to use and clean. Reasonable price from Amazon. Very pleased purchase!
This ashtray is TINY!!!  I mean, it will fit in the palm of your hand..... luckily I quit smoking and no longer have to empty this thing.... I figured for the price it would have been HUGE!  nope, it's teeny tiny.... once theirs 3 buts in it, it has to be emptied. oh well..... it wasn't worth the shipping cost to send it back. maybe it was my fault. I must have misunderstood the description.
Has a good weight too it, looks good and holds ashes it shipped fairly quickly it seemed like it only to Atlanta, GA.  I am happy with my purchase.
i definetly would reccomend it as an indoor ash tray. its very simple and inexpensive, but if you are planning to leave it outside, dont leave it out in the rain or snow. mine started rusting and its not too bad, but its going to be a hassle to clean. as for the shape, its the perfect size for a single smoker. if you smoke wides like i do, the divets on the edges will not really hold the cigarette unless you squeeze them in. overall, id still give it five stars, just avoid leaving in very humid/wet atmospheres.
Great little ashtray for anything from cigars to holding screws or safety pins. I keep mine in the garage in case I want to smoke a quick mini cigar! Has not rusted yet. Easy to clean!
I know that smoking is not politically correct anymore, but if you still want a sharp looking ash tray at a great price, this is it! Very Nice, heavy, unobtrusive,dishwasher safe.
Good quality steel. Excellent, high quality, appearance, solid pieces. I would not hesitate to purchase again if the need arose.
There is not much to say about an ashtray for the most part, but this really is a nice one. Good thick stainless, nice and heavy, and really good looking. As with any stainless, be carefull to clean it properly and it will look great forever. A little more than I would normally spend on an ashtry of this size, but now that I have it, I'm glad I got it.
E
well designed and functional, however material is thin and ashtray is very light. heavy winds will blow it off the table.
I love that the lid closes and hides all of the ash underneath - the lids get a little dirty after a while though. Also, don't leave these outside - they rust, oops. They look very sleek and modern in our home though and the metal seems very sturdy.
All smokers must go outside, so I put a couple of these on the patio table.  They look nice, and they do the job of isolating the ashes from the wind.  However, the movable tray components are just a little bit too lightly hooked into place, so occasionally they become unhooked when the smoker snuffs out a cigarette butt.  It doesn't damage it, it just requires a few moments to rehook it.Minus 1 star because I should only have to assemble them once.
Not very heavy, the metal is thin, but it is smooth, not too shiny, and has a nice feel to it. The levers work nice and are easy to install but do not force them. Have not used it but will soon and I expect it to work nicely when I do.
This works exactly as expected; looks neat, keeps out wind (not rain so much), and keeps disgusting cigarette trash contained.
Great ashtray for the patio!  Keeps ashes in--is large enough for entertaining.  This is the 2nd one we bought!
Saw one of these at local store for around $50 so when i saw it on amazon i had no option but buy it. Really well made stainless steel and hope my guests can keep my patio clean and not looking nasty :)
I used to have these all over my house (about 10 years ago).  They were wonderful.  Hid the unsightly mess of cigarette butts and ashes. Even cut down on the odor.  So I was excited to see these on line.  Unfortunately, like most things these days, they have become cheaply manufactured.  The metal is thin on the lid making the whole ashtray is unsturdy.  It is still an adequate product, just more cheaply made.UPDATE:  The metal on top broke within a month.  Not happy.
I got the ashtray and the lid was broken. I guess the quality isn't that good. I was thinking of returning it but it's not worth especially that I can use it as normal ashtray (with out the lid).If you're thinking of an ashtray just buy one of the normal ones and don't waste your money on this one.
This is a very poorly made piece of junk. Don't be fooled by the Scandinavian sounding name, it's made in China. The price is also ridiculous. Keep looking there are some very nice ashtrays available. You can get a version of this trash at any Dollar store. Also there are no instructions on how to install the moveable top pieces. I'd advise to stay away.
I AM USING THIS ASHTRAY FOR MY DECK ITS A GREAT PRODUCT, KEEPS EVERYTHING NICE AND CLEAN OUTDOOR, ITS A MUST BUY PRODUCT FOR SMOKERS!
Item looks very nice, but is not functional. The metal is almost as thin as paper. There are 2 seperate top pieces for ashtray. There are 4 tiny holes that each of the top pieces of the ashtray fit into. When you push on the release to dump ashes, the top pieces pop out of their holes and fall into the ashtray with all the ashes creating a big mess. You have to dig thru ashes and cigs to fish out the top piece and re fix it in holes again. This item had 2 glowing reviews is why I bought.....must be from people who make or sell these. Product is junk!
Product was broken. The little handle at the top was broken off when received. Not worth the money to pay to ship back.
the little pc metal did  not stay where it belong. it alway fall into the ashtray. bad very very bad:(
The ashtray arrived a day early but with a part broken off and rattling around in the box.It's too big anyway; a diameter wasn't given so I shouldn't have ordered. I need something a bit smaller to use in-hand in a confined space..Also, there's an awful glare from room lighting.
I buy one, and simply stop working, got a second one and the same.  Looks good but... Don't buy.  It will damage very fast.
I have now purchased this ashtray for three different people and they all love it. It really does the job. It is lightweight but holds many cigarette butts hidden under the top mechanism. I like the shallow top that allows you to place a cigarette down. It occasionally comes apart, but takes seconds to put back together. It works like a small garbage can; I've put bottle caps and wrappers down below. The fire and smoke always go out quickly. The smoke stays trapped inside. Great ashtray!
lightweight stainless steel. easy to clean, you just click to dump ashes and butt inside, no snuffing out the butt, and the smoke is trapped inside the ashtry. great design. i love the 2 i bought.
I sometimes have gatherings on my porch and needed an ashtray. I had a wide one, but the wind would blow the ashes and butts out of the thing all over my table and floor. This works perfectly to keep the used stuff neatly inside the container. Mine did arrive with the two top pieces unattached (not sure if they were supposed to be that way or not) but they were simple to slip in the slots. Very happy with the item, keeps things convenient for guests, yet NEAT for everyone else.
This is just poorly made. The tab, for lack of a better word, that releases the bottom to dump used smokes broke after one day. Also, item was delivered not in working order. Pure garbage.
Love it! Mine sits outside my house and it doesn't show any signs of deteriorating from the weather. Hides my habit well!
I have a son who smokes cigarettes.  I really wish that he didn't, but he is old enough (30+) to make his own choices.  He always smokes outside and his deck gets littered with butts until he decides to sweep them up.  I decided to get him an ashtray that would work outside.  As usual, I started my search on Amazon and came up with the Blomus 12cm cover ashtray.The item arrived in one piece, lid attached.  It's a nice size and looks like it will last a while. His covered deck keeps it from getting soaked during a rainstorm, which is a good thing.  Wet cigarette remains smell awful and I don't think that this ashtray will keep out water.  All in all, I am happy with my purchase.  This seems like a real value to me.
There is nothing worse than a stinky ash tray. This ashtray stores the butts and ashes underneath the top collection tray.This unit is made from stainless steel so it will last.
Have had it for a year and a few road trips. Does it's job every-time.
I bought this product new from amazon and it worked first couple of times i tried it( takes a little longer then a pen type guage- you must "hold" onto valve a couple of seconds and put it straight on) After sitting in my glove box for 2 weeks it worked no longer! I even put in a new battery thinking that was the problem but to no avail. I sent back to amazon for possible partial return but i'm sure it is my lost. (i like amazon overall though) I would not recommended this item. G.V
I have had a number of these units, and while I like the flashlight/tire gauge combination, almost every single one has had issues.The screw switch on the head of the light is especially poor design as it will eventually turn on if it is loose, or will seize up if is tightly turned off.The replaceable batteries have a tendency to leak, making a complete mess, and in some cases, ruining the units altogether.  That is, if you can open the case to inspect the batteries.Also, the internal lithium battery DOES fail, and the unit then must be returned to the factory for replacement.
I got this product sucks. I ordered this product got it and it didn't work worth a damn. Not a good deal.
I've owned several different models of Accutire tire gauges and found two constants about the quality of these gauges. The first is they all had very poor seals when measuring tire pressure. It takes quite a bit of playing around until you get a good reading. Be prepared to have an air compressor handy to replace the air that you lose. The second is the batteries die in winter. I store my pressure gauges in the glove compartment and when it gets cold in winter I have to replace the batteries and take the guage indoors to warm up. And I've tried all of the new batteries available and none work. Their gauges would be the last ones I would recommend to anyone to buy.
There are less expensive alternatives but this is classy and also makes a great gift for that car man in your life.  I especially like the added features of the light and case.  I haven't had an opportunity to try it out but am sure it gets the job done.
I bought the same equipment yesterday at Harbor Freight for $7.99. Different brand, same stuff.
Save yourself money and time!  The As Seen On TV Ding King Is A ripoff.  I ordered the kit and the glue that came with it did not stick to the puller or the car body.  When I tried to reach the company I could not reach a soul.
This simply did not work.  I followed the instructions exactly.  5 times the glue just popped off my motorcycle gas tank without pulling out the dent.  When I have time I will try some epoxy or something stronger.
Tried this on a small and big dent and it did not reduce either dents. After I applied the glue and twisted the tab, the entire tool would pop off and the glue remained on the car. You're probably better off buying the industrial pump puller.
This worked surprisingly well. We were able to pull several small and baseball sized dents with no problems. This will not pull out 100% of the dent, but will bring it to an exceptable level about 95-98% out. READ THE INSTRUCTIONS AND FOLLOW THEM, be patient, give yourself plenty of time. It will take 10 or more times on some dents. Even ordering more glue sticks was easy. Ordered online from the distributor and had them in 2 days (Connecticut to Florida). Not a bad deal for the price
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! This is a waist of money. Glue gun barely works, and the product is junk. DOES NOT WORK!
Dont even waste your time with this. Complete garbage product. Tried for hours to pull a few dents and didnt do anything but dirty the car with glue. A plunger would be more effective
Unfortunately I used this product after the 30 days return time and I was VERY DISAPPOINTED that it did not work at all. The glue dries very quickly and does not have enough pull power for the smallest ding. A real waste of money and time!
Besides it's wonderful ballad -"If I ever fall in love again", this CD has nothing to recommend it. The songs are pretty bland and peculiar. I was very disappointed.The Songs That Got Away
The Crooked Mile hails from an era when English musicals became fascinated with little-known subcultures, including criminal ones. One thinks of Fings Aint Wot They used T'Be, or Expresso Bongo, or Johnny the Priest. Generally, these shows would feature songs totally opposed to the West End tradition, whether in its Vivian Ellis or Noel Coward strains, and the results can be jarring. Still, this is one of the richest scores on disc, with a load of numbers about, really, all sorts of things. It's great to hear Elisabeth Welch in a full-scale show album, too; she was underrecorded in her stage roles. The label has thoughtfully included the 45 EP of the composer at the piano playing the score with an orchestra, and the medley includes a title not on the original LP.
Very disappointed, I bought this because the advertisement claims it is 300 wipes. It is actually 75 wipes, 25 of each, so I grossly overpaid. I could have gotten this same deal for $10.00 locally.
They work very good, very well worth it I got this for my new truck I just got. I love them c:
I bought for my college student so he would have everything on hand along with a waterproof trash can and carpet cleaner with a brush when he got a newer used SUV. It really helps  him to have everything handy and then you will use it. He loves it. I also for a carry all the (Honey-Can do soft storage chest) for  back of his car all from Amazon. Great gift for yourself or students.
These wipes are great to keep in your car. A can to clean the vinyl, a can to protect it and a can to clean the glass.It sure beats keeping a roll of paper towels and a bottle of surface cleaner and glass cleaner in your car. I tuck these in the center console and just pull them out when I'm in a drive-thru or at a long red light.The regular price is a little higher than what you might pay at an auto parts store, so you need to keep an eye out for price drops, but you get 75 towels all-together, so they'll last a long time. It's nice if you have Amazon Prime and can get the free shipping. Otherwise, you might get a better deal elsewhere.I've bought similar wipes in the past and the problem I've always had is that they tend to dry up after a few months. I've only had these for a few weeks, so I can't attest to the longevity yet, but so far, they've stayed quite moist. If I still have some wipes left after a few months, I'll update my review with the results.
All three of them tend to leave streaks behind if you aren't careful. The first time I used the protectant wipes it was in the evening. When I went to work the next day my dash board looked pretty ridiculous.  It looks a lot better now that I redid it though. The glass wipes are decent. The cleaning wipes I haven't really used since my car is new, I haven't really made a mess yet!
The protectant and cleaning wipes work as expected, and I love the convenience of just grabbing a wipe to keep my vehicles ship-shape at all times.  However, the glass wipes do not perform well and leave streaks and residue.  I had to get some paper towels and glass cleaner to re-clean all the interior windows.  I didn't try out the wipes on the exterior windows.
You just can't go wrong with armor all auto care products. I grew up watching my father use then on his car and now I'm grown and only use them on my car.
We keep these handy for our officers to use in their cruisers.  Both the glass and the interior cleaners work well.
This little combination pack comes with all the essential to keep your car looking good. I regularly use the glass wipes to keep my windows looking fresh and they do the good wonderfully.  The protective wipes keep my dash and other components clean and shiny for a good amount of time.
Exactly What I Ordered. Works perfect for my Acura ILX, keep them in the trunk have them for clean ups. Must have for car owners for quick clean up
Bought for my car, not bad, just a good cleaning wipes. nothing &#34;super&#34; can expect. However, the interior cleaning wipe is pretty good. Next time I may just purchase that instead of the whole package
All three work great. The interior wipes a little too well as they will started to remove the symbols and text off my center console.
I put one of these in the trunk of my Chevy Cavalier about 6 years ago, and while it's not quite OEM quality, it has been holding up really well. On my car the trunk opening is about 4 or 5 inches above the actual floor, so I mounted this across the back of the trunk ( it's adjusted for size by moving the mounting loops around ) and this way I can put the grocery bags ( or whatever ) between the back of the trunk and the net, and when I do not need it I just slip the upper loops off the mounts ( small plastic spools) and let the net drop to the floor. For use In a SUV or minivan with with a opening that goes all the way down to the floor there are other hammock style nets, or you could just get two of these and use them both on one set of mounts then put your bags or cargo between them. Be aware that you may need different screws than are provided for your particular install like I did, and check out what is behind where you are placing the mounts. If you are unsure about your ability to install this, it would be best to find a pro to do it for you. I have been more than happy with this net and just ordered another one for a spare.
I was looking for a storage net, not just a 12 inch high piece of net to keep things from falling out of my suv. The only way you could consider this a storage net is if you put it against the back seat to create a pocket area. But even then it's only 12 inches high. It did include mounting hardware and instructions.
Just a note because i HAPPILY own one of theze little buggers (110v 7.5amp). No ,it aint much but what it is is GREAT ! Bought as LAST generator in southern tier of New York for 2006 floods and NEVER regretted . OBVIOUSLY , it is limited , but it CAN run many tools and appliances ; more than one wood expect. a standard FRIDGE , 5-9cuft freezer (check ratings) , small circular saws , sawsalls , drills . VERY small nailgun compressors . The cig plug batt charger works VERY WELL , but you do need a HEAVY DUTY plug for the socket . standard cig plugs will MELT charging batts , but runs normal loads well .We can run 5hr on 1/2-3/4 load . With good fuel ; EXCELLENT start-ups. Now if you want a actual household "stand by power" , you need BIGGER ; hot water heaters REQUIRE 4500W minimum . but for good occasional ECONOMICAL , camping , or field use , BUY IT !as with ALL gas-powered products you MUST , no arguing , MUST add ethanol type fuel stabilizer to ALL BRANDS gas . we use premium and have MUCH BETTER results as well . Synthetic oil not a "must" , but does make noticeable difference in small units (after break-in run) .our use , power out , we can run fridge or freezer , TV and computer and couple of lights . start fridge , then TV and add one atta time from there. I HAVE volt checked each run and very stable 115-117 volts even when swap fridge to freezer . neither need be plugged in ALL DAY. well there you go !! i guess i AM satisfied with ours :o) enjoy !!
I bought this from Home Depot using a 10% card, this is the one top rated by Consumer Reports, but as usual no longer manufactured by Generac (Briggs and Stratton now makes it) It started first pull, and I ran a compressor, chop saw, and battery charger and the voltage never dropped below 113 volts, except on the compressor surge where it dropped to 109. It is big and bulky, and I would recommend a transfer box if you were going to rely on this, in my case its a true emergency generator so i can run my tools directly to it.It is loud, even with the silencer, but no more so than a large pressure washer.When we leave Hurricane gulch in a few years look for it on eBay....
This generator has never failed to start.  I ran it for three days straight and only had to stop to refuel once!Pros: Very reliable!Cons:  The tires tend to lose air after sitting a couple of weeks.  Cheap inner tubes.  Use some &#34;green slime&#34; or something similar and you'll have no problems.
I purchased this over 5 years ago and it works like a champ. I purchased it when I was building my house and it has powered everything.. Saws, vacuum, air compressor and welders. It's also been used to charge batteries while camping for an RV. Air compressors and Welders usually trash generators, but I've never had any issues with this welder. When I purchased it new i was $700.00 and it was well worth it.
Good amount of power for the price....What I like....great on gas for the amount of power it puts outgood amount of power for the pricefairly lite compared to other equivalent unitssturdy and easily transportedstarts fairly easily in warm weatherdecent gas tank capacitylow oil detection device is a nice insurance policy2 year warrantygas gauge on gas capgood surge capacity (8500 watts or 55% more the rated load capacity)What could be improved....noisey little bugger!handle is a little flimsyno electric startUnknown as of yet.......not sure how this will start when it's colder, I'm sure I'll wish it had the electric start though!
Unit did the job during the short period of power disruption caused by hurricane Jeanne.  Started on first pull out of the box and any other time I have started it.  It has more than enough power to handle a freezer, two refrigerators, a few lights, fan, and TV.  Despite the oversized muffler, it still produces a pretty good amount of noise (thus four stars).  But, it sure cost a lot less than a quieter Honda.
I was more than satisfied on this generator as a backup power supply unit. The 5500 running watts along with the 8,500 starting watts more than supplied my needs. During Hurricane Jeanne, I was able to power a 230 volt 12,000 BTU window air conditioner unit along with 2 refridgerators, a 27" television, cable TV, and three lights. I felt the unit could sustain a bigger load since the generator ran for 10 1/2 hrs on the tank of gas. The only time that I was aware that the generator was loading down was when the compressor would kick in on the air conditioner. The built in regulator kept the unit at a sustained output.It was obvious I did not run the unit at full loading. This unit ran for 48 hours during the outage and we expierenced no problems with the unit. It did not use any oil and was extremely reliable.On unpacking the unit and setting the unit up was a quick and easy matter. The initial start up took two pulls on the recoil start. From that point on, everytime I started the generator (even after it had been off for 4 hours) one pull was all that was needed.The neighbors advised me on how quiet they thought the unit ran.The only draw back was that due to the size of the unit, even though it is on wheels, makes it difficult to move around. Most women would never be able to move it around. The wheels set towards the back so the majority of the 180 pounds are situated directly on the front feet. I would have preferred to have the wheels and handle on opposit sides so when you would pull the unit out from under a protective cover (during the rains), you would not have to pull it all the way out to shut it off to refuel it.
Update 1/11/13Still like the generator but there are a couple of things to note.  It uses a ton of fuel.  This is an issue when the power is out and gas is not readily available.  We are now looking into switching it to natural gas so that we can keep it running during long power outages.  The handle is underbuilt for the size of this thing and should have been made to lift from both sides not just the right side.  It has easily bent and now needs to be fixed.  Changing the oil is a bit tricky.From a power standpoint it is awesome.  I have yet to overpower it even when connected to the house.  During the last ice storm even the neighbors were plugged into it.  It's a great generator but man is it loud!Original Review:Great so far.  Easy to start and maintain but it is super loud.  When they say quiet they must mean slightly quieter than a motor with no muffler.  I'll have to build a shed to silence it.  Overall though we are happy with it.
I like it very much , it works great !!!
Awesome generator for the price compared to the competition. Comes with ALMOST everything you need. Didn't come with a 50amp plug. Although to Briggs' credit, they include 3 plugs (20a/120v,20a/240v,30a/240v), wheel kit, cover, spare oil filter, spare 2qts oil, spare spark plugs and even a spare air filter w/ prefilter! Unit cranks and runs like a dream. Comes w/ 2yr consumer warranty. Only issue I had with it was it did NOT have an hour meter, but an easy fix for ~$30. I panel-mounted one I got from auto parts store (see picture). Have had no problems with auto-idle control as previous reviewers.
Overall, this is a great generator but it would be better if it had an hour meter since the maintenance is based upon the run time.  Would I but it again - YES.  Enough said.
We live at 8300 feet in the Colorado Rockies.  Although power failures are infrequent, they tend to be lengthy.  As we are on an electrically powered well, no power means no water as well as no heat.We have had the generator for 2 years and have used it for two lengthy periods, both over 24 hours.It has performed flawlessly with an abundance of power for the whole household including the 4000W well startup.  It is well interference protected as well as surge protected so we can use our delicate electronic equipment without concern.Maintanance is simple and easy,  the trickle charger keeps the battery at full charge and it starts easily regardless of temperature.  A excellent piece of equipment in all regards.
This is an excellent generator.  Extremely well-built with one of the best engines available.  Although most people consider the Honda engines better, I would argue that the Vanguard OHV dual cylinder engines by Briggs and Stratton are superior.  The advantage of two cylinders is less noise (relative to a single cylinder) and smoother operation, particularly during load shifts.They start in very cold weather without problems.  And unlike most generators, this one comes with tires and a battery.  I had the transfer switch installed this past weekend and we tested the generator on a standard whole-house load.  The generator had no problems running everything in the house, including a large central air conditioner.  I turned on my 6HP air compressor and it started up without problems.  I confirmed that this unit can temporarily provide 12.5KW, and seems to run smoothly at 11KW although it is only rated at 10KW.  The only advantage to the more expensive inverter-based Hondas is during low-power operation when the RPMs can be cut back.  This generator must operate at full-speed even when providing only 2KW of power.  But for whole-house operation, I do not think you can find a more cost-effective, reliable system.
I bought this for hurricane use and it powers my entire house including a 2 1/2 ton central A/C unit. It works great and will fill your most likely needs. Best item I ever bought from Amozon.com.
I love this little impact wrench, very light and extremely powerful. I have tested it on wheel lug nuts tightened up to 190 ft. lbs., and to my surprise, it is able to crack the lug nut free after a few seconds. It does sound like it is struggling to crack the lug nut loose, but hey, 190 ft. lbs. is already way beyond the 147 ft. lbs. specification limit. I love the variable speed and electric brake, it is able to turn even at slightly above zero rpm, and the electric brake allows the wrench to stop spinning immediately when your figner leaves the trigger (Useful when the nut is a drain plug for draining some liquid, you want total control over the speed as you don't want the liquid to spill out unexpectedly.). This wrench is simply a beauty to look at, extremely well made. And best of all, it is made in Japan! After a few use, I have already fallen in love with it.
I purchased this inverter last year to install in our new Lance P/U camper for our trip of a lifetime to Alaska.  Let me say the unit worked excellent.  I installed the feed cables with #2 AWG after the first attempt with #8 left to much voltage drop to the unit.  Like they tell you in the manual, DUH!  Anyhow the unit worked flawlessly with our 19" Samsung HDTV, no retrace lines or any interference with the TV reception, something I was slightly worried about because of the "square sine" output of the unit.  Using the unit for everyday AC uses, TV, laptop, digi camera and other chargers was perfect.  We would often leave it on during our long day trips and everything would be charged when we got to our destinations.  And while it did run our toaster and microwave, not at the same time, the unit would "whine" a bit while doing it.  It does pull pretty hard on your battery according to your load.  What I really like about the unit is the low amp draw in a no load condition, &lt;0.4 A DC.  Some other units pull at 1.5a or more in no load.  My only wish was that it had a better remote shut off setup.  The Xantrex remote SO setup only cuts off the output?  Yeah shutin of your stuff does the same thing.  But still I think its great.
I don't know what they do for quality control at this company. I bought this unit several years ago and left it in the box until such time as we had a power failure.  I have a large fish tank that needs water to circulate, otherwise the fish will die.  I keep a charged 12V battery in case the power goes out and when used with this type of inverter, it will power the pump for several days.  Imagine my surprise when the time came to use it and it did not work.  Luckily the power came on shortly afterward.  Sad comment on this company though.
This unit provides a "modified sine wave" which isn't very much like a sine wave at all. It works well for a limited number of load types and handles a lot of power. The built-in cooling fan does not come on very often and is not too noisy. It's a handy size for automotive or camping use.I like the led bar graph which shows you what percentage of full power you are operating at and the numerical display that shows the input terminal voltage. It takes extremely little current when it's turned on but not energizing any equipment -- standby mode.I noticed that the induction motors would run at a slower speed than what they do with true sine wave power from the utility power or a true sine wave inverter. Our refrigerator compressor would start fine with this unit but run noticeably slower. Our furnace blower motor would also run at a slower speed.Right now this unit in in storage as a back up for our true sine wave inverter or for automotive use.I wouldn't buy another "modified sine wave" unit again. I'd pay a little more for the true sine wave unit which does a lot more.Good luck.
So far, so good. I am using this on my boat to power my accessories (TV, iPod, microwave, etc) and so far, it is working fine. Fits perfectly under the dinnette seats.I only rated for 4-stars since I don't know its long-term reliability.
I have owned a few inverters and this one is the best. My last one was a 1500 watt Xantrex which didn't have the digital reader that monitors the battery and the output. Uses minimal power when turned on and not being used. Cooling fan only comes on when needed. I am very pleased with this purchase.
Works very well, just keep in mind that installation costs can be quite high.  I did everything myself and due to the distance (cannot be over 6ft) from the battery, the connectors and wire cost another $100.
I bought this unit hoping to use it on power tools when away from utility power. No matter what I plug in and turn on it shuts down the unit. The only thing it will work for is lights. It has a volt meter on the side but it is about 1.0v off. I have two volt meters that disagree with the built in meter. When I am down to 11.5v (actual) the unit shuts down and says that there is only 10.5v. I called Xantrex and they would not help me because it was out of warranty. I explained that I had hooked it up for the first time six months ago and they said to buy another unit. They will not repair this unit.
This is a huge power converter.  Do not consider it unless you plan on running it from 2 auxiliary battery's.  The product works flawlessly when hooked up to the right system.  The cooling fan is not loud at all.  It has a voltage meter and will fault and shut off when the voltage runs to low so you will not be stuck with a dead battery in the middle of no where.  Nice product!
I've been slowly ramping-up my capacity to run my living room and kitchen from solar power - there is a lot to be learned!  I bought this to have enough surge capacity to run my microwave and Saeco Aroma espresso unit.  It easily runs both my espresso maker and my microwave, but those really drain my two-battery system quickly (two 115A-hr Costco Marine batteries).  I think if I upgraded to 3 batteries, and if it were sunny nearly every day, then there would be no problems running my kitchen (microwave/espresso) - but we tend to have clouds a lot so recharging three batteries can be dicey and getting batteries charged is usually the limiting factor.
This inverter runs a heavy duty inflator (electric motor) with an enormous starting load - the full 3000 watts.  I emailed Xantrex for the max time for the 3000 watt (RMS) startup and the reply indicated 1/10 second and it delivers.  I have monitored it with an o-scope.  The inflator draws about 18 amps after the initial surge then tapers back to about 12 amps.  The inverter is rated at 1750 watts for 5 minutes then 1500.  I'm very happy with it.  My setup is 1/0 cables about 6 feet long bolted to the battery terminals with an Tyco/AMP disconnect and fuse.  I run it from a truck with two large starting batteries for 5 to 10 minutes when I'm using it.
product works well we are very happy with our purchase.make sure to use as short as possible battery leeds .
Nice unit. Small, has on-off switch, which is very useful and beats plugging and unplugging if you're charging while driving. Nice green light to show when you're charging. Sturdily made. High Watts for a good price at Amazon.
Exactly as advertised. Powers all my devices (laptop, phone and camera chargers) at once.
I used this one night in a power outage running my 27" television, an 18 watt lamp, and my satellite box receiver using two marine batteries in parallel. I was able to watch t.v. from 6:00pm to 11:00pm when I went to sleep. The inverter got warm but never got hot. For the money you can't beat it.
I bought one of these on Amazon about 5 years ago and it continues to perform.In the summer I use in on my boat to power a laptop charting application.  During the rest of the year it lives in my car where I use it to power cell phone chargers, laptops, etc...It has never failed me.
The 175 Power Inverter works great. I used it on a recent car trip and it powered my electronics without any problems. The description is incorrect, however, in that it only has one AC outlet (as in the photo), not two.
This is a great inverter. I am currently using it in an off grid solar application for a small 100 sf play house. This inverter is great because the fan does not come on until the load exceeds 100watts, so when no one is using the playhouse the majority of the energy from solar panels is used to recharge batteries vs. running a fan that is not necessary. There are a lot of ignorant people that are complaining about the inability to plug this into a car lighter. This inverter is capable of converting a great deal more power than a cigarrette lighter in most cars are fused to deliver. This thing can convert up to 70 amps of current and most cigarrette lighter fuses are in the 15 - 20 amp range. So even if you could plug it in, all you would accomplish is blowing the fuse or melting the wiring to the lighter socket...
Just the thing to have in a short power outage. keep a couple battries charge up and you can have a 27 in tv and 13 watt =60 watt fluorescent bulb for about four hours.
the inverter works as advertised. handles the power for 4 laptops and runs relatively quiet. I have it mounted under the driver's seat with large cable-ties. I can still reach and turn it off, because the no-load draw is enough to drain the battery if the vehicle sits idle for a few days.
This has been in use for months now on a continuous basis. The cooling fan only operates on high power demand. Good low voltage alarm feature. Powerful enough to handle a 1/4 inch drill or a leaf blower.
The product I believe is possible very good for what it was meant to be.  I have never tried it.  This was my fault as I was seeking a converter that would plug into a car cigerette lighter and power small items while driving the car.  They exist.  They are about 100 watts and would draw a little less than 10 amps.  This one was 700 watts and the power draw from the battery would be greater than any fuse size utilized within the auto.  It must be attached with alligator clips directly to the car battery terminals.  I wasn't thinking about the amp drawing requirement.  The review should have somehow indicated how it needed to be attached to the battery.
Bery good produc, but you can't used in to the cars because you do not put in to the cigarett light
I purchased this inverter to run a sound system away from standard power sources.  It was much lighter than I had expected and it works just fine.  It does not create any noise in the sound system and the physical operation is very quiet.  Very nice unit for the price.
tengo desde hace varios a&ntilde;os un par de inversores xantrex de 300w 700w y uno nuevo de 1750w y debo decir que se comporta de una manera excelente, en el lugar que yo vivo no hay tendido electrico y entonces recurrimos a la energia solar como fuente de energia y decir que conozco muchos  de mis vecinos con inversores xantrex tanto los viejos Jazz como ahora los x-power y debo decir que son EXCELENTES repito EXCELENTES
I have used a Xantrex inverter in my 5th wheel for years because I don't like to run a generator if I can avoid it.  It has always worked well for me and when I saw them at Amazon at the price, I bought two of them for Christmas presents.  So far, they have both been used and both recipients are very happy with them.
I was surprised at how small and lightweight this inverter is for it's rated output; which is 540 watts continuous.  I can pull 580 to 600 watts (from my 120 volt 5 amp weed wacker) for about 20 minutes before the unit beeps, but it still runs about another 5 minutes before it automatically shuts down.  Let it cool and it's ready to go again; very nice feature.  Virtually silent, including the fan.  Great inverter for the price.
I work on my boat which is stored in a yard without any electrical hookups.  This unit handles a palm sander and polisher with ease.  A perfect solution for devices that have moderate power ratings such as those I've mentioned.
I've owned upwards of 10 power inverters and none even come close to the reliability.  Easily the quietest unit I've ever owned.  The only down side is there isn't any mounting brackets or holes to mount it.  Had to use some Velcro strips, they worked quite well. Something else to keep in mind is that the 700-Watt model can't be hooked up via cigarette lighter nor would you want to do that even if you could. Inverters work much better hardwired and for this model it is a must. Great Product Great Price - 5 Stars
I used this product on my Honda Odyssey 2002. This casue the SRS light lit on. I brought the van to Honda Dealer and they said this took away the power from the vehicle that cause the SRS module failure. The cost to repair may upto $800.I plan to return this product to Amazon.What is the return process?Thanks,Peter
i don't know but I seem to go through an inverter every season.  This one lasted only one season before I had to replace it as the last one (MAXXsst, 500w) had also lasted a season.  I was only powering up a laptop (65 watts). I now have a Whistler 500w and have not used it for a full season.
We are using this 700 watt to replace an inadequet 400 watt inverter that was installed in the vehicles and keeps on failing. We have had no problems with this 700 watt inverter once it has been installed. I have had one deffective inverter out the approximately 16 that I have purchased and installed.
I have 2 of these inverters. On in a Jeep Wrangler that I take offroad and camping. Works great for powering lights, etc. Handles the abuse of bouncing around on rocky terrain fine. I have the unit installed under the dash and leave it on 24/7. Has yet to drain the battery due to its small standby draw (I drive it atleast every other day). The fan only turns on when the output exceeds 100 watts making this unit very quiet.The other inverter is installed under the passegner seat in a Toyota Sequoia. Never had any issues with this one either. Works great for powering the PlayStation2, portable DVD players, and other electronics.Since the 700 model is cabable of powering electronics of 560 watts 4.8 amps continously, which is 46 amps on 12v power it is not able to be used through your cigarette lighter. The cigarette wiring is too thin to handle this kind of current not to mention the cigarette lighter fuse is not rated for it either. Xantrex provides battery clamps, which I find don't work well if you want the inverter inside the vehicle.The solution is to pickup some 6 gauge wire from your local Home Depot or Lowes and some heavy duty terminals and heat shrink. Mount the inverter and run 6 guage red wire to the battery. Crimp on the terminals and heat shrink it. For the ground I used a bolt on the firewall of the Jeep and the bolt on the seat in the Toyota. Use 6 guage black wire for this.If the above is not something you want to do your local audio installation store should be able to install it. Otherwise go with the XPower 400 watt model which can be used with the cigarette lighter for small loads, it does require the battery clamps or hard wiring for loads over 150 watts.
We bought this inverter 4 years ago because we live in the mountains and often lose power during storms when falling trees knock down the power lines.  The inverter is easy to hook up to the 12V battery in our 2005 Prius.  It's powerful enough to run our refrigerator while recharging our cell phones and flash lights.  It's a great combination with the Prius, because the Prius knows to only turn its engine on when needed to recharge the battery.  The inverter worked so well we started using it when camping to power our rice cooker, crock pot, camp lights and reciprocating saw.  Overall, I have no complaints.
I've owned my inverter for 4 years now, and use it for two things mainly.  The first is to power laptops from a cigarette lighter socket, and the other is to power a vacuum cleaner for clearing the car.  It also comes in handy for power outages, but this is less frequent.  It's a compact size that fits underneath the car seats fine.For the high power cleaning use (full size 800 watt vacuum cleaner), it connects using heavy cables (supplied) to the car's battery terminals directly, and the internal fan runs to keep things cool.  For the laptop use it connects to the car's cigarette lighter using a regular 12 volt plug.  Unfortunately, Xantrex never included this wire with the package, so you have to supply your own, but this is easy.  For some strange reason, the manual says the inverter's "incompatible" with the 12 volt socket, yet there is no apparent reason why.  Just keep your power usage below 150 watts, and everything is fine.  In this low power mode, the fan doesn't run at all, which makes for very quiet operation.I'd say it's rated very conservatively, and running a 1000 watt appliance presents no problems.  The output voltage is regulated, and doesn't droop with load which is nice.  When truly overloaded, a red LED comes on, but unlike many other lesser units this is not accompanied by smoke and a trip to the returns queue at the store.  Overall, a quality product from a company specializing in this type of equipment: highly recommended.
I received two of the inverters and both worked great.  I was able to easily run a 27" TV and a VCR off one inverter without problems.  I would suggest the use of a deep cycle battery if you want to use them long term, multiple times.
This product works very well and I have no complaints.  It will run a 32" TV computer and DVD player all at the same time with no problem.  It will however not run very many power tools as they require just a bit more juice than what this unit can provide.  I have no doubt though, that if I were to buy a more powerful inverter of the same brand name, it too would do an outstanding job. Although with a bigger inverter you may need to get a better battery and alternator for you vehicle. If you don't want to do all the upgrading then you could probably get away with using this 700 Watt inverter with no problem.
Don't use with anything over 200 watt start-up load.  This thing will burn up with anything more.  That means start-up load. I don't know about run-load: mine burned up with a 600 watt start-up load.
This attachment is Minolta's way of builting modular photography accessories. It converts ultra-precise incident meters into spot-on reflected light meters. 5 degree angle does not make it a spot meter but Minolta had dedicated spot meters for those interested.The viewfinder is bright with glowing circles that mark the metering areas for long and short distances. The finder comes with a nylon case that can be strapped to a meter case.I use the finder with the Flash Meter V and I am yet to get an inaccurate reading.
I wish I bought this thing sooner.  It would have saved me from being ripped off by these "mechanics".The check engine light came lit up on my wife's 1998 CRV.  I used the scanner to check the code, which came back as P1456.  Initial investigation of the code stated an EVAP leak or leak in the gas tank.  Upon further investigation, this code can be caused by a loose gas cap.  The gas cap was old and stopped making the clicking sound when you close it.  I replaced the gas cap for $7.89 and erased the code.  It has not come back since.  I know I would have been charged alot more if I took it to one of those "mechanics".
I had a cracked air intake hose that caused the "check engine" light to go on, but a couple days after I fixed it.  I wasn't sure if that was the reason, and if it was, I didn't want to take it to a dealer just to clear that code.This did the trick.  Very easy to use, gave me the code so I could check what it was. Once I found out, I knew it was the cracked hose.  Cleared the message using this unit, and it never came back.  Had I taken it to a mechanic or dealer, they'd probably have told me it was some other problem and I wouldn't have know if they were telling me the truth or not.
Performed as advertised.  Easy to use and most importantly, easily stored.  It will and has saved me time and money.
This tool already paid for itself in the first week i got it. it's simple and user friendly, i'm happy i bought it.
First, the original version of this code reader was released in 2002 or so.  The one I bought was made in USA, and I probably bought it in 2002, and the box says copyright 2002.  It still works great after all those years, and I have abused it and kept it in trunks of vehicles where it was subjected to temperature and humidity extremes.Second, this is an excellent product for older vehicles, but it can't scan CAN-BUS vehicles.  It will scan nothing 2008 or later.  It will scan a percentage of vehicles 2003-2007, because manufacturers were transitioning to CAN starting in 2003.It was never intended to read or clear any ABS or airbag codes, regardless of model year.[...] lists communications protocols by manufacturer, by year.  You can look up your manufacturer although not the specific vehicle there.  You can also see that at least some vehicles made 2003-2007 were not CAN-BUS.  I use this scanner on 1996-1999 Fords, and 1996 and 1994 Buick LeSabres.  None of those are CAN, so this reader will work.  My 2006 GMC 2500HD truck is CAN;  this scanner just gives a "Link Error" message and I had to buy something newer to do that truck.  I think it also works on my father's 1997 Dodge Ram 2500HD but I am not certain.I am posting this table just for reference.  You should be able to look up you vehicle online or in your owners manual or ask in a discussion forum, and find out which communications protocol it uses.OBD2 vehicle uses 1 of 5 possible protocols:J1850 PWM - The connector must have pins 2, 4, 5, 10, and 16.J1850 VPW - The connector must have pins 2, 4, 5, and 16, but not 10.ISO 9141-2 - The connector must have pins 4, 5, 7, and 16.ISO 14230-4 (KWP2000) - The connector must have pins 4, 5, 7, and 16.CAN-BUS (J1939 & ISO15765-4) - The connector must have pins 4, 5, 6, 14 and 16.I hope this clears up some of the confusion.  This is a nice reader and definitely a high quality product, but it's for older vehicles and also may not work on some foreign makes.
I have two cars and between the two of them I will have at least one check engine light yearly.  The codes were simple to read and understand, and even easier to clear the codes.  Being a novice mechanic, the diagnostic codes in this device will serve me well.  What it doesn't have will probably mean I should take it to the mechanic anyway.It's a good tool to have in a tool kit, plus is relatively inexpensive.I could not get the CD to work however.  But it appears to be not completely necessary.
This scanner is ideal for the weekend mechanic, and works fine with my 1996 Saturn.  Without a code scanner, even if you identify and fix a problem that triggers the check-engine light, the computer will remember the problem and you won't pass your state emissions inspection (unless you wait a few weeks).  With this scanner, you can identify the issue, fix it, and clear the code from the computer's memory.I almost bought the cheaper CP9125, but found this one on Amazon for less than the local store wants for the cheaper one. I'm glad I bought this one.  The on-screen English translation of the error codes is worth the difference in price.  With the cheaper tool, you have to consult a CD-ROM.  Also, when you clear the error codes, the computer resets its "ready for inspection" status until you have driven the car for a while.  This scanner will check the status and save you the trouble of going to the inspection station only to find that your car isn't ready.  The CP9125 doesn't check that status.If you are a hard-core mechanic and need real-time or playback engine data, go for one of the higher-end scanners, but this one is ideal for general weekend-mechanic work.
A great deal.At this price if you use it once to reset your alert/alarm, it has paid for itself. I have a new diesel truck and I get those nuisance lights which drive you crazy because you have no idea whether they are real or not. So far I have used this thing three times to perform resets of misleading sensors.I did have to send back the first one they sent me because the characters were chinese. But they shipped me the new one first and a box to ship the old one back. They were also very quick to ship.
This tool is one of the best I have seen and used.  It is so user friendly and even tells you righ in the scanner what the code number is and what the code means.  This item is priceless!  If you own a car you need to own one of these.  I have an Audi TT, which made me skeptical that this tool would do an accurate job of reading the diagnostic codes.  The other reviews I read were all about domestic made vehicles.  But; no problems whatsoever!  it read the codes and erased them easily.  You can also check different sensors throughout the engine to make sure they are working properly.  This tool diagnosed my faulty air mass meter with a P0172 code = System to rich.I cannot speak highly enough about this code reader!
The Actron CP9135 AutoScanner Diagnostic Code Scanner with its on screen definitions allows the user to determine why the "Check Engine" warning light is on. It also lets the user know if the onboard diagnostic computer (OBDC) has collected enough data to allow the vehicle to pass inspection. After the cause of a fault has been corrected, the vehicle must be driven long enough for the computer to log sufficient data. Bringing a car for inspection without complete data in the computer will result in the car being rejected (at least in Massachusetts).The Actron CP9135 is no longer being sold by the manufacturer. Newer models with more capability are now available - but they are much more expensive. I am very happy with my purchase. It provides me with the information I need to maintain my cars, and I was able to buy it through Amazon.com at a reasonable price. The CD which accompanies the scanner contains a wealth of information about error codes, but it is not used interactively with the scanner. The Actron CP9135 has no computer download (or upload) capability. Upgrades require a chip replacement. Whether or not these exist now or will be available in the future I do not know.In summary, the Actron CP9135 AutoScanner Diagnostic Code Scanner is a good buy if you want better insight into your vehicle's diagnostic status, and you like having your own tools. In eastern Massachusetts any AutoZone store will check your error codes for free, so owning your own scanner is a luxury, not a necessity.
I purchased this as a gift two years ago for a weekend wannabe car guy in my family. Because his cars were all new, he only had a chance to use it one or twice. I ended up borrowing it a couple times, as did some others in my family. The last time I borrowed it about 6 months ago, it didn't work. Now, granted, it probably spent a year in his garage doing nothing, but shouldn't it still work? And word to the wise, 2 years ago I paid $75 for it so wait for a sale. I contacted Actron to see if they offer any sort of repair or service and I hope that they are reasonable about that.But when it did work, I really liked the item and recommended it to countless friends and family. Now that it is not functioning, I have to go to Advance Auto or AutoZone to scan, but luckily there is no short supply of them. I'm at a loss if I should replace the gift since I was the one who discovered it broken, I guess I need to find an etiquette book.
Read out my OBDII error code with a one-line description and allowed me to reset it.  No problem!
Some thing does not seem right on all the feedback I read, if I am not mistaken at least the first two feedbacks sound like they are posted by the seller. I am permenant shopper on amazon and I susually read comments and feedbacks from other customers before I will make big mistake.I saw diffrent model and brand which seems very interesting but it sounds it can help only with GM,Ford and Chevrolet cars, here are list of cars my family and I own, 2001, VW Jetta  VR6, 2001, chrysler PT Cruisser LTD. 2004 Mercedes Benz S600, and 2006 Toyota RAV4, if this machine can not work for all the above vehicles for me it has no value since I don't want to buy 4 different one for 4 diffrent vehicle.The one I am really interested in is Equus 3150 Innova ABS + Professional CanOBD2 Diagnostic Code Scanner for OBDII Vehicles, but I want to know more about it specially if it will work for any vehicle, I am ready to buy it.Please can someone e-mail me let me know for what kind of more vehicles it works better beside GM,Ford and chevy?Thanks.
I was having constant problems with my service engine light coming on in my 2000 Saturn. Took it to 3 different service garages (including Saturn) over a period of 3 months and they all managed to find something wrong, and charged me for it, but eventually it came back on in all cases. Purchased this scanner from Amazon for only $72 including shipping and immediately put it to work. It pointed me to look for a shorted wire somewhere in the circuits for 3 different emissions systems and sure enough that's what I found. Fixed the problem for less than $1 with a little electrical tape and some flexible plastic conduit to protect it. No service engine light since. My guess is the problem I found was what caused the light to come on in the first place. But the pros could not figure it out.
This scanner is well made and exceptionally easy to use. The display is large and easy to read. The scanner comes with a long cord that connects to the computer for ease of use in tight spaces. There are no batteries so it is always ready to go and you don't have to worry about damage from corroded batteries.
I have had this scanner for many years and it is still going strong! I am very happy with this purchase.
I feel much better and safer driving my eight year old high mileage car now that I have this thing in my trunk. Now when my check engine light goes on, I can see what's wrong and report it to my mechanic, who can tell me whether I can drive it home or if I have to have it towed.
Works very well. Easy to use. I like the way it provides not just the code number but the meaning of the code as well.
If you have a car that throws consistent "Check Engine Light(CEL)" warnings or a car that has an intermittent CEL, you will want to have one of these on hand. Also, car dealers are not the most trustworthy so if you take your car to the dealership for repairs, you will want to have some idea of what is going on before you talk to them as 9 of 10 will lead you astray without pause or guilt. Also, the dealer will be charging you up to 2 hours labor just for hooking up a similar piece of equipment to your car to see what the computer tells them, then they stack on another price to check it out manually.Lately, I have found that having this equipment along with my car's repair manual has saved me over 2k because I can now diagnose my own problems (to a certain point of course) and find my own method of repairs whether it's self-repair or other businesses outside the dealer.Purchasing this item will help you immeasurably and you wont regret it. Just keep it in the trunk and you'll be prepared for whatever diagnostic you need to do.
Works well on most vehicles so far, but not usable on some continental and British models around 1997-8 , which was expected..
Convenient, easy to use, does exactly what it says, explains what the codes mean, says what it's doing.Exactly what I needed, best price I could find.
I bought it because two of my cars threw codes.  The BMW cost me over $100 for the dealer to read, tell me they couldn't find anything wrong, and reset; I used this scanner to verify that the other car's code wasn't significant, delete the code, and it hasn't returned for over a month.  It's already saved its purchase price.  Simple to use, inexpensive, and does the job.
My 02 Intrepid threw a code which lit the "Check Engine" light (actually a little yellow engine). Again.For less than what it costs to have a Dodge dealer read the code, this did the trick.I erased the code and all is well.
This scanner paid for itself the first time I used it.  Protect yourself from auto garage ripoffs!  I have even helped friends and frankly everyone who needed it to get back at all the auto garages which have ripped me off over the years!  It's great to know how your car is doing without paying someone else $80 to do it.  Just plug it in and it is very easy to understand and use.  Don't bother with the included software.
Seems to be everything they said it would be. Works fine and I am happy with the performance.
I was to say the least a bit leery about their claims.  It proved to be a great purchase.  All my friends want me to check the codes for their check engine light.
Just as advertised great price and it saves me a lot of time. I think that every garage should have one.
Easy to read display, nice description not just codes. the case is built very well.  I do wish it came with a protective bag but will not mark it down for that.
With the blend of features and the price point of this unit, you will not find a better deal.  Assuming your looking at these reviews you probably fall in to two main groups.  1.  Someone who is having issues with their vehicle and 2.  Someone who is really into cars or working in automotive towards being a mechanic.  If you fall in the first group and just want to know why the check engine light is on, you can go to a major auto parts chain like Advance or AutoZone and they will tell you why in an attempt to sell you the parts to fix it.  No sense spending money on a scanner if thats all you want. If you want the power of knowing and not have to go out of the way then consider a pocket scan which is cheaper.  For most people you will need to subscribe to Alldata or Chiltons online, or buy a book like Autodata's diagnostic trouble codes to solve some of the problems with your vehicle.  The scanner won't do it for you or put it in laymans terms.  This scanner is more for group 2, this does the i/m readiness test for emmissions as well and is a solid entry level scanner.  If you work in the field I would suggest getting a unit with enhanced obd capability if you can afford it.
The tool is easy to use and takes up little space in the tool box. This tool could have saved me hundreds of dollars in repair bills over the past year if I'd had it. On one "repair" alone I spent over $400 for unnecessary repairs. All that was needed was for the trouble code to be deleted and all was well. I had a transient MIL code that required no service. However, auto shops don't make much money on deleting codes so they had to change parts unnecessarily.In another case I paid a dealer nearly $100 to check a MIL code that turned out to be nothing more than a faulty gas tank cap. It will be a great money saver on future MIL codes.
Within a week of getting the code scanner, I threw a CEL. It turned out to be nothing. It would have cost me $65 to have the dealer tell me that. Do you think I'm a happy customer? Yes.
I bought this for a "Service Engine Soon" light that came back on after I went andhad some work done on a 1999 Saturn. I hooked it up and read the same codes thatwere supposed to be fixed. I used this to clear the codes and 250 miles later stillno SES light. Awesome.I hooked up to a 2000 Mustang as well. No codes present but I wanted to test and  it linked up. Im sure it will come in handy on this car too.This model even tells you about the other engine sensors. The system says "Ready"so I should be good to go to pass emissions tests. Peace of mind there.Any codes you get, just use the internet and find your answers there. You mightnot be able to fix it but at least of an idea whats wrong. Plus, impressyour friends by checking their cars too.Ordered it late Sunday night and had it by Friday.  free shipping
Good product.Not so hot documentation/User manual.Somewhat hard to read in bad light (ie: UNDER the dash...)- Could seriously use a backlight!Located 2 error conditions immediately, and interface men was simple and rasy to use. Diagnosed errors were spot-on! Corrrected the exact problems this pointed to - cleared the codes and all is well!
This has been great to use. It is clear and easy to read and the on screen instructions walk you through erasing codes. Great tool at a great price.
Product is great!  I have to travel a good distance to go to a GMC dealerfor the warranty on my Hummer. With this I can determine if it's really necessary to travel 1 1/2 hours to go to the dealer. Easy to use, read and understand.
Works great. Straight forward operation. Just plug-in and read the screen.
If you're like me, you hate paying 70 bucks just for your mechanic to run a diagnostic on your vehicle. I say that you're better off using your money and picking up one of these things. Sure, you'll probably still have to take your vehicle to the mechanic after you find out what's wrong when you use this unit, but at least you'll know what's wrong. Heck, what if it's something that you can fix yourself? Either way, this unit is great. Buy one.
For those to whom it may be important, and it is to me: though the Amazon description says this scanner is made in the USA, and so does the description on the manufacturer's website, the scanner I received clearly says made in China on the packaging. I know I jumped at this purchase when I did partly because of the Made in the USA statement. So I'm a little disappointed. Also, the CD requires Windows and Internet Explorer to read it. No Macs need apply.
It does exactly what it is advertised to do and is extremely easy to use, even by an old codger like me. I am very happy with the performance of the tool and its fair price. Highly recommended!!!
If you are looking for a OBDII code scanner, this is a great buy.  It does everything I expected it to do, read codes, read monitors, and resets them.
This baby is saving me a fortune in diagnostic fees from my local mechanic.  Feels fairly sturdy and has a nice display.  Price was right too.  Probably has more features than I'll every use though.
Arrived as expected --used it on two vehicles told me what I needed to know --used google to see other reactions to codes I had gotten --gave me a start point to repair
The inline six cylinder engine in my 2002 GMC Envoy with 80,000 miles suddenly began to run rough and the check engine light came on.  I thought it might be a bad tank of fuel or a loose fuel cap.  The light would remain lit at slow speeds, and at highway speeds it would flash.  The problem persisted after a tank of highest quality fuel was consumed with a tight fuel cap.  I purchased an Actron AutoScanner from Amazon.com.  The scanner informed me that cylinder one was misfiring.  I knew the original spark plugs should be replaced.  Each cylinder has its own ignition coil.  The ignition coils need to be removed to install the plugs below.  Each coil is attached by only one bolt.  While removing all of the coils I marked the cylinder one coil.  I replaced all of the ordinary worn plugs with premium Bosch Platinum + 4 plugs.  I installed the coil from cylinder one on cylinder two and the other coils I installed randomly on the other five cylinders.  I started the engine and it did run better due to the new plugs.  The engine still ran rough however and the check engine light did remain lit.  The Actron AutoScanner then informed me that cylinder two was now misfiring.  Bingo!  I purchased a new ignition coil from Federated/Ficher Auto Parts for $60.  The GM dealer price fore the same part was $130.  I bolted on the new coil and my troubles were over.  The Actron AutoScanner performed excellently.  The scanner protected my small bank account from the dealership service department.  The scanner minimized the time I spent diagnosing the issue.  I stored it carefully away for the next time.*  *  *  PRODUCT UPDATE MAY 2014  *  *  *I have since used Actron CP9135 autoscanner to diagnose issues on several makes and models of vehicles.  It has never failed to steer me to failed component.  In recent years scanner has been helpful with a 2002 VW Jetta Station Wagon vehicle with two liter gasoline engine.  Autoscanner told me when the catalytic converter was failing and needed replacement.  I think scanner may have helped with real savings though when a VW 4 speed 01M automatic transmission problem occurred.The VW went into so-called limp mode unexpectedly, check engine light illuminated and stayed lit.  The car would operate in lower gears in a strange fashion and did not want to shift into fourth gear.  At the time I was driving home with fifty miles to go on a rural highway that alternated between two and four lanes.  I had autoscanner handy and from what it told me I decided driving the car in limp mode would not cause further damage.  I just had a long way to limp but I cruised along in third gear at 4000 RPMs while other cars and long haul tractor trailers passed by angrily when they could.VW automatic transmissions use a number of electronic sensors to monitor the automatic transmission environment.  The code that Actron CP9135 autoscanner provided meant G38 transmission speed sensor had failed.  I purchased G38 sensor online for approximately $30 and installed myself.  Problem seemed immediately solved.  I have put fifteen thousand miles on transmission since.  Problem was indeed solved.  There is no doubt in my mind dealership mechanics or even certain real mechanics have more than once taken $1000 or more from frightened low information customers facing the same issue.All this to say I saved a bunch of money on car repairs by having and using an Actron CP9135 autoscanner I purchased six years ago.
I am happy with this product, it does what is is advertised. I recommend it.
I ordered my ACTRON T9135 and it arrived promptly like most things from Amazon.  I did a little research and this model is now discontinued, hence I think the substantial discount on the price. Nonetheless, my vehicle is an older truck (1999 Lincoln Navigator 4x4) and I did not think it would be an issue with having a discontinued model and I was right.I received my scanner and quickly hooked it up to my truck's computer (service engine soon light was on) and I was able to read 4 error codes.  I was experiencing a very rough idle and I hesitated taking it to the dealer or Midas (more expensive than the dealer) where they wanted $100 bucks to pull the codes and turn light off, crazy stuff I though and I hate having the "ripped off" feeling.I don't consider myself a mechanic, but rather a very occasional Saturday mechanic, but I like to some tinkering with stuff, so I was not too afraid to try and troubleshoot this one on my own (I always learn something when I take this approach).I must say that having the code and a brief description of the error was a great little feature to have built right in to the unit.  Other scanners don't have the built in description of the error code, but rather a website you can reference the code.  That's is fine, but there is something to be said for instant knowledge, right there and then on the scanner's screen.I took the codes back to my laptop and did a little more research using the forums that come up when you Google around.  Two codes indicated I had two malfunctioning oxygen sensors and given that my truck as almost 140K miles, it seemed logical.  I went to my local auto parts store and got a couple of downstream O2 sensors, btw I later found them to be about 20% cheaper on amazon.com, but while the problem got better when I replaced them, I still has a rough idle.  The other two codes made reference to a "lean mixture" condition and after doing more Google searches I found that I probably had a vacuum leak or a dirty MAF.  I turned out to be a broken vacuum hose that runs from the PVC valve to the top of the engine.  I replaced the hose and the car runs like new!  I erase the codes again and I have not sent the service engine soon light come on yet.Keep in mind that the scanner will likely not give you the fix, but rather in most cases point you in the right direction, you will have to research a little to resolve the issue.  Nonetheless, I could not have solved the problem without it.  Spend the money and get the tool, you will feel empowered and not so helpless when you see the service engine soon light.  The scanner's screen display menus will help you along, they are very helpful and you will likely not need to even read the manual.  It's very intuitive and no batteries required,it will get its power from the cord once you hook it up to the car's computer.Good luck.LegFlexSeattle, WA
I purchased the OBD2 code reader to help diagnose the check engine light that appeared on my 1997 Toyota 4Runner.  The reader was extremely easy to use (just plug the connector into the vehicles diagnostic port) and not only gives you a code but the problem (in my case a misfire on cylinder #4), so I can isolate what repairs need to be done.  I am very pleased with the performance and the price I paid at Amazon.  I recommend this tool to any home garage mechanic wanting to do their own diagnostics on any vehicle 1996 and newer.
Item was received in short time. It worked as advertised. Fixed my truck and I'm very happy.
It will pay for itself the first time you use it.Reads the code(s), defines the problem(s) and turns off the light. No need to look up code definitions because they're written onscreen.Seems to be well-built with quality components. It doesn't need to be any fancier than this. It does the job it's supposed to do quickly and easily. If you can navigate to this web page then you can use this doohicky.If you live in California this is a MUST HAVE !! I cannot emphasize that enough (literally, it won't let me underline it).You'll get free meals/beer from your friends and relatives when their "check engine" ("service engine", etc.) light comes on and it's time for their smog test.IT WILL PAY FOR ITSELF THE FIRST TIME YOU USE IT.Even in states like Oklahoma that don't require a smog test and the auto parts stores "loan" them out (for a hefty deposit), it's still worth it to have your own.EDIT: The price on this has gone up since I got mine, so shop around to get the best price. Still, definitely worth it if you do your own maintenance. As of this edit I've had it six years, use it AT LEAST once a year and it still looks and works like new. OBDII is on all cars since 1996 and is still used on cars manufactured today (2013).
I had a check engine light problem with my car. I purchase the meter and it was able to determine the problem via the code. I was able to fix the problem with 1/4 of what the dealer charges. The meter saved me hundreds of dollars. Highly recommend it!
The dreaded "check engine" light came on. Rather than have the garage check out my car, replace a lot of stuff and charge me major bucks, I decided to buy the Actron CP9135 OBDII AutoScanner. The scanner indicated an oxygen sensor problem. I reset the error and decided to have my car evaluated professionally, if the problem returned. Many weeks later and the "check engine" light has not come back on. I think I got a bad batch of gasoline. The Actron CP9135 has paid for it's self and it's very easy to use.
Don't pay 30 to 100 dollars to have your check engine light diagnosed.  This does everything as advertised.
Using the scanner and the computer CD I am able to have peace of mind that nothing serious is going on with my car or truck.  Some codes can be a cause of concern while others can be ignored.  With the scanner tool I now can tell which is the ones to worry about and have peace of mind.  Saves me money by not having the vehicle checked by the service department and charged more than the scanner cost.  Only takes about 10 seconds to run the scan and shows instantly what the code means.  Great tool for the mechanic to have in his toolbox.
This is an easy to use inexpesive product, especially when you couple it to getting the Amazon credit card.  Instead of shelling out over $100 for my mechanic to tell me the check engine lite was a nusance lite, I can check the status and clear the lite myself and keep up with any problems that may be lurking. Best thing I've bought for my Jag in a long time.
NO battery required. No extra plug adapters to figit with or lose, just a simple, easy to use plug and play code reader for your vehicle. Price was great and I need not look up the code description in a book or on a CD-ROM, instead I instantly know why the darn light is on again and after repair, rest th light to pass inspection. No more black sticky tape to cover the CEL Woo-hoo!What I want to know is why vehicle manufacturers do not build this simple tool into the vehicle itself, cost would be $20 or so, easily absorbed by the huge price tag paid when new. A solid light that says check engine? "Come on...thats so 80's man...This is the new millinium!"
The Actron CP9135 AutoScanner Diagnostic Code Scanner worked great without much effort. I didn't even need to look up the codes since it gives the description of the codes on the screen. I highly recommend this if you want to know the reason why your check engine light is coming on. It can also save you from a mechanic telling you that you have a major problem which may just be a result of a bad sensor.
This item does exactly what I was looking for. I wanted to be able to read the trouble code that showed and be able to erase it so I could either fix the problem myself or see if the situation would duplicate itself and was just not a one time glitch. I do not like being at the mercy or repair shops or even going to a place like AutoZone who will read the code for you but not erase it unless you purchase repair items from their store (which is only fair). I am very satisfied with this purchase and find it hard to believe that others would not be as well. Plus, it is about $50 cheaper here on Amazon than at AutoZone or Advanced Auto Parts. Can't beat that!
I borrowed this exact unit from a friend and then bought my own ( for much less than he paid two years ago) ...'nuf said.
Recently my check engine light came on in my 2002 Toyota Highlander.  This has been the third or fourth occurance since purchasing the vehicle as new.  The Auto Scanner accurately diagnosed the code and saved me $89.95 in diagnostic fees at the dealership.  The service writer still tried to pressure me into having the diagnostics run, but I stood firm and refused the service.  Having the scanner is a real confidence booster when taking your vehicle in for service.
This is a great product, it does exactly what it's supposed to do, at a reasonable price, with an easy interface. But I think people need to understand that this isn't a box of answers. It's a diagnostic tool. I was a professional automotive technician, I grew up working on cars, and I received a formal education in automotive technologies. The OBDII system is pretty complex, and can point you in the wrong direction. This is in no way the end-all be-all car diagnostic machine, but it's pretty dang useful to have in the tool box. For the price I paid I got exactly what I was looking for.
It is really an amazing tool which can tell you the monitors' status. After you driving to the emission test station in your limited lunch time, waiting for a long time, you will not get a "rejeted" cause you know exactly your car is ready or not.
This autoscanner has already paid for itself twice over.Your garage will charge you 120.00 for a diagnostic test.This test takes less then 1 minute to do.With the autoscanner not only can you do it yourself..but it automatically explains what the code is..and if its something that really doesnt matter you can clear the error code...Great product!!! buy this..it will save you a bundle in diagnostic charges..
The scanner worked fine, although it reads out a generic code.  When I went to Actron's website and signed up for "lookups" which go into more detail, I found what I was looking for.  It was very detailed and helpful.  However, subsequent attempts to enter the "lookups" at Actron's website proved frustrating, after I had paid for them.
Owned this "scanner" for many years now, works great to reset or read codes, with definitions, fast.  No it does not have the diagnostic capabilities of professional scanners like the classic Snap-On MT2500 or the Modis, but it's also a fraction of the price, plus it's faster and easier to use.  I reach for this working on all OBD2 cars before I break out the old Snap-On "Brick".Other reviewers keep mentioning that it won't tell you EXACTLY what the cause of the problem is, and truth be told it will NOT install replacement parts, or even change your oil for you - it's a code reader, not a magic device.  It's a tool that will help you in your diagnostic process.  If you're an idiot that just changes parts when the little screen says so, this will not transform you into a brilliant technician.
Indicated there was a problem in the emissions system. I added some fuel injector cleaner and 2 days later, the light was out.
I bought this because my car failed Mass state inspection due to emmisions sensors being "not ready".  My car was garaged for the winter and the battery drained.  This reset the emmisions sensors and the OBDII test returned "not ready".  Instead of just driving the car and hoping the sensors were reset by the next time I brougt it in for inspection, I decided to get this code reader to check them first.  I found they weren't being set, and ended up having to take my car to the dealer for a software update first (recall).  Once the recall was done, I used the code reader to check when the sensors were reset.  After a few days they were all reading ready, and I brought it back for the final inspection.  Since then I have used it several times to read codes for coworkers that had their check engine light on.  I would highly recommend it.  I do agree with another reviewer that the software that came with it to look up the diagnostic codes was not much help.  The reader itself had the same information displayed under the code.
I have researched quite a few Scanners of differing brands and models.  I purchased this one because of a good price and good feedback.  It is more then I expected!!  It does nearly everything that the outrageously expensive ones do. Operation is very straight forward with all controls positioned properly.  "I LIKE THIS SCANNER!!"
This scanner is just what I needed. It is very easy to use for finding out why your check engine light is on and to erase it once you have your repairs completed. It is well worth the money.
My Actron CP9135 immediately showed the problems (2) I was having with my Cadillac.  My "service Engine Soon" lamp was on and it showed the EGR valve was defective and I was getting a misfire on cylinder # 4 (turned out to be a coil pack).  Saved me a bundle of money over taking my car to the dealer for repair.Thanks!
Bought this to use on an Audi A6. Have used it a couple times, works great. Would recommend for anyone who likes car gadgets. This beats having to go to the dealer or auto parts store to figure out why the pesky check engine light keeps coming on!
Still working like a champ, even after 5 years of daily use. My father is a mechanic and uses this daily to read OBD2 codes and loves it. I know it's not available here anymore but if you ever come across one, you will know it works well and holds up well.
I purchased this Acton scanner 2 years ago when our older vehicle was repeatedly showing its MIL (Malfunction Indicator Lamp). I was able to clear the code immediately. When the MIL illuminated again later, I was able to track down the problem (O2 sensor heater trouble)and correct it by reseating the connector. Later, I used the scanner to diagnose which cylinder was misfiring. By tapping on that cylinder's fuel injector, I was able to correct the misfiring. Again, the Acton cleared the MIL display.My mechanic uses a more sophisticated (and much more expensive) OBD scanner in his day to day work, but for someone who does occasional maintenance on his own car, this tool is worth the $89 investment. If you paid more, you paid too much.
I bought this scanner because my nissan's check engine light went off and on over and over again.  I went to an auto store to have them read codes. They read the codes for free, however would NOT reset the light for me.  I can now reset my light and also check to see if it is in what is called the "ready" mode for me to get it inspected.  Turned off light, got it inspected, and I am good for one more year!  I have also reset about 5 of my friend's vehicles for them.  Great product and great price!
This product worked easy and quickly right out of the box. It saved me a lot of money when I needed to diagnose my car issues and erase error codes. Great price and product that paid for itself after its first use. I lent it to a friend who also got a lot of use out of it. Overall very handy product.
Product works as advertised.  Very satisfactory, if all you want is to see what the "Check Engine" code is and clear it.
Two of my vehicles were throwing codes. Local retailer would pull the codes for free if I got an oil change, but never needed one when I was there. Purchased the unit online and within a few minutes of opening the box, had the codes and two days later had purchased the parts and fixed it myself. Overall probably saved myself a couple hundred dollars. Since then I've pulled codes for some coworkers who were so appreciative they paid me $10. With the money I saved originally, this seems to be putting money back in my pocket. I highly recommend this product. I only wish the packaging would have included a storage case, but I've since purchased a small plastic case at Harbor Freight to keep it in.
Why 5 stars?It was an obscure Temp. Sensor problem, that had already cost me $275.00,-- solved by a $25.00 part change and the 'investment' in my own "Actron" Auto Scanner. If you are a "shade tree mechinic" get one of these things,. If you make a living with your tools you have to get a "Actron". Either way don't hold back you'll get your money's worth on the first repair.
I purchased this to use in attempting to diagnose check engine light problems I have and it did well as a code reader and eraser however if true diagnostics are needed and live information I recommend upgrading to the one that has all of that available.I will be upgrading soon, however no regrets with this one, it did all I needed,  gave the code and general cause.  erases codes easy too which in some cases might solve the problem or at least allow you to rescan it immediately after the first time the light comes on again so you can home in on the original cause of the problem at hand as other codes will set behind it after a short time,  a sort of chain reaction of the first and its affect on the engine fuel and ignitions system.
I bought the tool to see why my light came on and to reset it to get an inspection sticker. I looked up on several web sites to see what tool was recommended. This one was noted in consumer reports as a best buy at double the price! It by no means has all the bells and whistles and there are models with many more readouts however this one can give you the code number then explains it in english right down to what cyl. might be missfiring or where an injector my be messed up.It then can reset the codes with one push of the reset button.Great tool great price and Amazon had it to my house overnight! Ordered it at 2PM and it was at my house by noon the next day.
My check engine light was on when I went the first time for my emissions test.  I didn't realize that I automatically failed.  The code showed some sort of leakage.  After researching the code online, I refilled my car with gas.  Cleaned my gas cap thoroughly.  Made sure the cap was nice and snug.  And then used the AutoScanner to clear the code.  I drove about 20 miles and back to the emissions center, and passed.  No dealers involved.  w00t.  Two thumbs up.
Good easy to use OBD-II Code Reader.  I bought this unit because both my cars had their Check Engine lights on.  The dealers & autoshops in the area wanted $80 just to read the codes so this little unit paid for itself the first day I had it.
I am a shadetree mechanic who likes to work on my cars on the weekends at home. Some time ago I bumped into a "check engine" light in my wife's 97 Odyssey and the Honda dealer chrged me $60 just to read the code. Since I was in a hurry I paid for it and for the Oxygen Sensor related to the failure, a total of $300. So I decided to buy this scanner and it has turned out a terrific product, I am now charging $20 bucks to read codes on friends cars and it has already paid for itself twice. No more paying the dealer for this stuff.
This little gadget has helped both hubby and several of our friends un-needed trips to the dealership or a mechanic to hook up to a diagnostic machine! Worth the money several times over!!!!
Well made;  reads,then displays both number code and translation; erases service engine light; valuable for removing minor sensor defect triggers that could prevent annual state car inspections without significant expense by vehicle owners.
Ordered this product for my husband a month ago for $69 through Amazon.The excellent spouse asserts that he used this product a dozen different times on various makes and models of cars. After a few weeks, the lights on the read-out screen dimmed and the cord exhibited a faulty connection. Attempts to jiggle the cord and restart would work for a few minutes, and then the unit would shut down. After a few such efforts, it failed to restart at all.He's having trouble getting hold of the manufacturer Finding this scanner to be of very poor construction, he's extremely disappointed.
I purchased this for my husband's birthday.  He was delighted with it and it helped him diagnose the problem with my son's car.
Easy to set up and use.  Instructions are straight forward and device works well in determining why the Chcek Engine light is on.  No problem with clearing the codes to turn off the light.  Just make sure the car key is in the on position, but the engine is not running.  I recommend this product.
Have a 2003 Ford F150 that started missing and as usual the Haynes Manual is about as useful as a sack of marbles on the steps of Angkor Watt. Ordered this code reader and got two messages; both saying in effct that the number three cylinder is missing. Odered a replacement coil from Summit and with a minimum of grimy knuckles the beast is purring like a kitten. I like this tool... but electronic ignition systems will never be as reliable as 1950s technology. Detroit is making it harder and more expensive to do simple home repair. Good tool, bad auto-motive design! Baaaaad!
this scanner is very simple and easy to use. i used it right out of the box with no problems
I say Ha! to the repair shop that offered me a 75.00 fee to put my brother`s car in their machine to diagnose a check engine light.  With this tool and a service manual I found a small vacuum leak that put the check engine light.  A worth wild investment and easy to use.  As long as there are computers in vehicles I would never be without one.
Item was delivered in timely manor with no problems and item was in good working order.
I saw this deal last week but hesitated because the new car we got has the CAN communications network.  It is still OBD II, but talks to the scan code reader with a different protocol from older cars.  Don't make me explain it; CAN stands for Controller Area Network.  I called Actron before purchase and the CSR told me most CP9135's were CAN-compliant--they had that firmware and hardwre change--but there was no way of knowing before purchase.  Again, he said most would work on CAN-type vehicles.I pulled the trigger last week and received the code reader this morning.  It works on both our 2002 Ranger and 2006 Mazda6.  The Mazda6 is the CAN vehicle.Neither vehicle is throwing a code right now, but I have played with the modes and the device seems to be operating properly.  I've wanted one of these for a long time but only just now decided to get it.It's funny that Actron makes no mention of the CAN capability with this unit.  The manual and box are silent on this feature.  They do sell more expensive units where they tout the CAN-compliant status, but not on this one. For $65, this seems like a great deal.No guarantees, but I think someone wanting a code reader that is CAN-compliant would be safe in buying one from Amazon as long as they are in stock.  I suppose the worst that would happen would be the hassle and cost of sending it back if it happened to be one of the few early ones.I am happy with mine.
I may have bought this scanner but was mis lead. The scanner I need is the one for the the cable kit I bought.I don't have any way of contect for the phone # I have no answer has been made yet
THE SCANNER HAS JUST ARRIVED IN EXCELLENT CONDITIONS. I AM GOING TO CHECK MY CAR AND I WILL SEND YOU A FEEDBACK TO SEE HOW IT WORKS.I HAVE ALREADY CHECKED MY CAR WITH THE SCANNER. IT WORKED VERY WELL. I AM VERY SATISFIED BECAUSE I THINK I MADE AN EXCELLENT SHOPPING ABOUT THIS ARTICLE.Actron CP9135 AutoScanner Diagnostic Code Scanner with On Screen Definitions for OBDII (Post-1996) VehiclesBEST REGARDS,LILIAM
The actron cp9135 auto scanner diagnostic code scanner with on screen definitions for obdII vehicles was just as I had hoped it would be. Perfect in every aspect and easy to use. thanks
I would have given this five stars, but mine was dead on arrival (DOA).  Operating these devices is very simple.  You just plug it into the OBDII receptacle under your dash and it should instantly display the opening menu.  Mine did not, so rather than return it, I removed the four assembly screws and opened it up.  I was looking for a cold solder or disconnected wire.  What I found was that the processor chip was simply not seated in its socket.  I gently pressed it in and closed the case.  Problem solved.This unit is a good value overall.  Of all the code readers to choose from, this one has the ideal features for a home user and it is hard to beat for around $65.  Don't let the fact that mine was DOA deter you.  These things are very simple devices, and an unseated component is one of the more common causes for this sort of out-of-the-box failure for any electronic device.  I would not have made it part of this review, but for the hope that it might save someone else the hassle associated with returning items through Amazon.
I am surprised that the other reviewer of this product actually expected the code scanner to fix the problem,  My advice? Read the product description and you'll know all it is a DIAGNOSTIC CODE SCANNER" and not a 'DIAGNOSTIC CODE SCANNER PLUS MECHANIC IN A PLASTIC BOX".  It'll help you if you want to repair your own vehicle.
My husband loves this tool. I have never used it, but I know it has helped us in determining trouble with a vehicle and we can be more informed when going in to have repairs done.
This is a no frills device that does exactly what the box says.  I was able to pull the code from the car, diagnose the problem ( in this case, replace the thermostat ) and then reset the codes.  The repair cost me less than $20.  I am not sure how much a automotive shop would have charged but I am willing to bet I came out cheaper.  And that was the first time I used the scanner.
The obdii reader has saved me more money and time on car repairs than I would have thought. Lets me read and reset codes, and read the readiness indicators. It&#8216;s great. Only problem is that everyone wants to borrow it.......
A very good investment considering that I discovered that the price automotive shops charge to use their computers is exactly what I paid to buy this item.
A great dignostic tool with features of those selling for twice as much. Very user friendly
I constantly had a chack engine light on my 2003 Dodge Ram and couldn't figure out what was wrong as the truck ran great. I plugged in the auto scanner and had 2 codes that helped me fix the problem myself without going to the dealer. It helped that I am a mechanic and know my way around cars fairly well. This unit will NOT fix your car for you. What it will do is send you in the right direction to correct the problem yourself. Goodluck, and watch out for dealerships who will go out of their way to sell you expensive services you don't need! Always get second opinions before spending alot of money!
I had a check engine light on. the dealer wanted 150$ to hook up the diag. Bought this diag. Turns out all I needed was a new gas cap. It paid for itself the in about 2 mins. A must for your tool box these days.
I used to take my car to the mechanics and they would hook it up to their diagnostic machine. If they diagnosed my car and I didn't use their services, the fee was $50. Otherwise, if I used their services it was a free diagnostic but I had to pay for the repair. Now I can self-diagnose my car and instantly know what is wrong with it before shopping around for the repair. I used the Actron CP9135 today when my air conditioner was not blowing at all. I had forgotten that I purchased this a month ago and I called my husband to ask him if I should take the car to our mechanic. He told me to go home and hook this up and see if it can tell me what is wrong with the air. After a dozen or so tries to get the air on, I went inside and got the Actron CP9135 and hooked it up. I then turned the car on and the air worked fine and no error codes were reported. I am not sure if this is true, but my husband said maybe it reset the cars computer? Who knows, but it did save me a trip to the mechanic and it gives me peace of mind to know what is going on with the car. I am going to keep it in the glove compartment for future problems.Update Dec 20, 2007: My car was shuddering a bit at low speeds and stops. I immediately plugged this in and found out that my 6th cylinder spark plus was not firing. Took it to the mechanic and had my spark plugs replaced. Saved $109 off the dealers "diagnosis fee"!
It does what I need it to do.  Great little tool.  There are more sophisticated tools, that do more specific diagnostic jobs, but they are much much more money and one could not justify it unless you were a professional garage.I highly recommend this unit for the weekend mechanic.
I am not a professional mechanic but have found this tool very easy to use and understand.More importantly though, this thing has already saved me several hundred dollars in repairs and diagnostics costs. My 2000 Infiniti I30 has had an intermittent miss for several years and I wasn't prepared to replace all of the ignition coils at $70 per coil. The Autoscanner gave me a code for the #6 cylinder misfiring so all I had to do was replace one coil. Car runs like a champ.You will easily recoup the cost of the Autoscanner in one use.
I received the item as agreed and in the time stated. I have used the item and am very satisfied with the purchase.Thank you
Folks this was such an excellent purchase.  The cost of the purchase was list then wht the dealer was charging to check the problem.  Solution $3.00 worth of new holes.  Also, I have the tool.  Now when I go to the dealer for a problem that I can not fix, I know they can not hit me with the smoking mirrors.  The product was delivered timely and in mint condition.
For less than $100 shipped, this saved me what would likely have been a $250 trip to the Rover Dealership. If you are the least bit tech savvy it is easy to take the code the scanner gives and search for it on the web for your car and find likely faults and remedies. Even if you do end up needing to take your car in, at least you know what you are dealing with and if the mechanic is being straight with you.
If you have an older vehicle and you even use this once, you've gotten your money's worth. I have used this scanner on both of my vehicles and have saved a lot of money from not needing autoshop diagnostic testing because this unit has been quite accurate in pinpointing problems which I have repaired myself. I have had this for a few years now, so you may look for a newer model, but Actron is the way to go.
This is a specific item requested by my son for his 50th birthday.  It was opened and used right away and it solved two warning light problems on his car.  It is a handy, small easy to use gadget...worth the price!
Have you ever felt like your auto mechanic was "Mr. Wizard"?  All the way down to the bad attitude?  Only to find he has a doo-dad sitting somewhere out of eyesight that tells all, like a crystal ball...Well for a reasonable price you can get your own crystal ball.  It might be able to predict the future and track flying monkeys but it can tell you very quickly why the "Check Engine" light has come on.  Big or small you know what might be waiting for you when you go see Mr. Wizard.  Sometimes you might even be able to track down the problem yourself and cut the cost to fix it.I would not go to Oz without mine!
I just got the scanner today in much faster time than I expected.  I have a 1996 Geo that has the check engine light on.  I plugged in the scanner and it found two codes.  It was able to erase one but the other one won't go away, so that part needs to be replaced or fixed (P0758 Shift Solenoid B Circuit Electrical).  This scanner saved me time, money and trouble.  I just assumed it was an O2 sensor since it was never replaced and the car has 125K miles on it, and I was going to buy one and put it in.  Glad I didn't.  I highly recommend this scanner for everyone.  Just plug it in and it does the rest.  Very user friendly!
I purchased this scanner when, within a week three of the cars in our family had the Check Engine light illuminate.  Since the light was intermittent in all three cars I wanted to find out what the problem was (or at least narrow it down) before taking them into the dealers.  Intermittent problems are a nightmare for repair techs since they can't always duplicate the problem.The scanner does exactly what it says it will do. I've now used it on a Subaru, a Volkswagen and a Miata and it worked fine on all of them.  It gives the trouble code reported by the computer which turns on the MIL.  It also gives a text explanation of the code and if the code is manufacturer specific it tells you that as well.I'd recommend this scanner to anyone interested in discovering the reason their check engine light comes on.
After 3 errors codes in three months on 3 vehicles and about $120 dollars this things is easy to use and tells just what you need. Hardest thing was finding the mating connector. Should pay it self off in no time.
i was very pleased with the product and service will use this service again
I had the Check Engine light come on in my 1997 Honda. I bought this to see why. The O2 sensor reported bad. But I reset the MIL light and it has not come on since. If I took it to a shop, they would have sold me a new O2 sensor and labor $200,00 or so. I'm ahead $150.
The only reason i gave it only 4 stars is because i've only used it once. But it was easy to use and informed me of the error codes. Great product and cheap too.UPDATE: used it a second time in July and it would not link up to two different cars. USELESS.
I love this product and it has come in very handy. I am more likely to fix the car myself with the information this scanner gives. I received it faster then expected too. thank you
Purchased after borrowing friends code scanner (cheap off brand) that gave back codes that were not on list and others that looked like hexadecimal numbers.  This gave me back codes that led me straight to the problem.  Friend came over a couple of weeks ago with a missing cylinder and it hit it right on.  Yeah that's what it's supposed to do, but when you have a bad experience with others it's rewarding to find something that works right and enables you to save $100s over what a dealer or repair shop would charge.
I have used the scanner since I received it and I am very pleased with it.I live on the Big Island of Hawaii and it is reassuring to knew what has turned on my check engine light without paying a big bill to have it read. I find many things that turn on the light are not immediate action required items
Works as expected.  Everyone I work with now comes to me when their engine light comes on.  It obviously does not fix anything but its nice to know what you got if you need to go to get service done  Easy to use and you can clear lights to see if there is really a problem that come back
Easy quick.  Hardly a need for the book or the software.  When you look up the code/description on the PC, it gives you the same info/no more no less.
I've had mine for a few years and haven't used it much at all.  Yesterday I tried to use it an it was completely dead.  I checked it on 3 vehicles and it wouldn't even power up.  I took it with me to work and showed it to one of my friends.  He said he has one exactly like it and it's completely dead too.I called Actron to inquire about getting it repaired.  The lady who worked in customer service INSISTED THEY HAVE NO RECORD OF A CP9135 AS ONE OF THEIR PRODUCTS!!  I informed her that is was one of their most popular scanners.  She said there is no way she can help me, except that I can send it in.  I then spoke with another person in another department that blindly told me to send it in.  They couldn't answer anything about estimated repair cost or the amount of time it would take.  Naturally I needed it fixed soon.  Her response was for me to go online, register on some stupid website to get a repair order, then send it in.Finally I insisted on talking to a technician.  In 5 seconds he told me not to bother sending it in (that potentially save me a lot of wasted time and money!).  He basically told me that they don't fix them and I'd only end up oweing them $75 for evaluating it.  Even if mine was under warranty they'd substitute it for something else.  I was very thankful that at least he was informed and honest.
Works great on my BMW as well as my Chevy.  The scanner works quick and is intuitive to use.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a similar unit.  I think Actron makes some of the best mainstream OBDII scanners on the market.
The scanner works great and is easy to use.  Screen is readable and code results were right on the money.  The user manual was easy to follow.  I estimate this device has already saved me over $200 in auto repair labor cost.
Works well and easy to use. Comes with everything you need. A must have if you plan to do your own work on your car.
With the price a dealer or garage charges to read a code when the check engine lights up, this scanner pays for itself in one use. You can use it to do you own repairs. You can use it to clear codes after repair or nagging codes such as a loose gas cap.
love it
I have been a service advisor for 3 decades and this is the most simple and easy to use scanner i have ever used!!!fantastic product and great software for dtc's to load on my desk top
This will bring up any engine codes and clear them accordingly. I haven't found anything that couldn't be done with the pocket scan though. The only difference I have noticed is that this one is bigger and costs more.
Easy to use... easy to decode.  It provides basic info on the screen, and then provides info and codes that can be searched on-line to find fixes/parts/etc.Also, being able to provide info to your repairshop when you bring it in, makes you an &#34;educated&#34; consumer to them.  Knowing the codes and fixes/repairs also keeps them honest.I also had a shop indicate initially that they were going to charge me $75-$100 to diagnose the check engine light until I told them what the code(s) were, and he immediately scratched it off and replaced it with &#34;Verify engine codes, with a $0 charge.I've used this to diagnose friends problems, co-workers, family members... it's great to have and a great way to earn a few free beers.
This product does exactly what it says it will do, and at the right price
I went into the local Auto Zone and saw this exact tool for 149.00 dollars. I got this one shipped next day for 115.00! It worked as advertised and I sent out email to all my friends telling then to contact me if their engine light comes on!
It's simple to use, and since I haven't had/found any code problems with the cars I've tried it on; I can only say it has worked "perfectly".
This code scanner is very easy to use. The instructions were short, to the point and got me up and running in 10 minutes.
I had thought about buying the least expensive OBD II on Amazon. I bought it for my daughter's 1995 Volvo 850 GLT. It has an onboard computer system that will show you the codes. It is very difficult to turn the Check Engine Light off. I replaced the heated O2 sensor and just wanted to turn the Check Engine Light off. A reviewer had said how easy this model was to use and read. I am glad I sent the extra money. It was "easy" to read and to use. Thanks for putting those reviews on Amazon.Yours truly,A Happy Customer
Bought this AutoScanner to use on our daughter's Kia.  Check engine light kept coming on and it would cost us $40 plus everytime at the mechanic's. Does a great job and is easy to use.
Saved me a trip to the mechanic. I had a one time glitch from a sensor that set the check engine light. What a mechanic would have charged to reset that  light is probably half, or more, of what the scanner cost. If I use it one more time, and I probably will (my truck is like middle aged) it will have payed for itself. The only negative thing I can say is that the software that came with it is pretty much useless.
I have used this many times on different types of cars and it is very easy to use. It has already paid for itself many times by saving money and time.
this scanner works just great to view your car every once in awhile, and my friends also, i'm glad i have it , so if i have problems i'll know the right info on fixing the problem, or having it fixed instead of finding out from a shop that i have a high cost problem and taking theirword on it, now i have proof!
I bought this to decypher the jumble of codes and to make repairs to the system before going for a smog test. In the past when the "check engine" light was on I had to take it to a shop and the cost was always at the maximum allowed by law, like $500.00.This little tool does exactly what it is supposed to do: it retrieves the code, which you can look up on the provided software. You can then use the CP9135 to clear the code and make the repair.Worth every penny paid.
Works great and every garage should have this.  This device puts me in control of my discussions with my mechanic.  Knowing the codes behind the light allow me to research and understand the possible issues before the mechanic goes on a wild goose chase racking up the bills.  Now I can walk in tell him the codes and my evaluation and start the conversation from a position of knowledge.
this is an excellent product,quick and easy to use ,a great value,i used it right out of the box the day i got it.
Even though this is a discontinued item, it still has all the needed features at an extremely affordable price. Easy to read LCD and setup instructions. I tried it on a 1998 Audi, a 2000 Ford Ranger, and 2002 Honda Accord and it functioned flawlessly on all 3 auto's.
The manufacturer does not support this product. There is no info on Actron's website related to this model. The software included does not cover anything after 2002. An email sent to the address on Actron's website came back undeliverable. If I had known these facts, I would have bought a different brand. The unit does read codes, and displays a short description of the definition of the code. But since the software does not cover my 2005, I am wondering whether the codes are correct and complete for my vehicle.
Owning this tool prevents the engine light from coming on :-)The tool was exactly as described.It helped calm my daughter at midnight when she came in paniced about her light.  The gas cap was not on tight.  We all slept well :-)I used it when I purchased a used car.Otherwise, the four cars in the driveway have yet to require its use.
With 4 cars in the family, this code reader is the perfect tool for the job. Easy to use, just plug it in and it reads the code, tells you what it means, and gives you the option of deleting the code. The biggest problem you will have is finding out where in your car the plug is.
Here is the short version of my story. My teenage son complained of his check engine light on.  Knowing that it would be at least $100.00 to take his car to the shop, I purchased the Actron CP9135.  In no time it said the vehicle had had 4 random misfires in the cylinders.  Knowing this was rather unusual, I asked my son if he had run his car out of gas.  Bingo! Problem diagnosed.  I cleared the codes,and the car is running fine.  Well worth the money.
I bought this one because of my car's engine light was on. I had a professional scaned the code and received an ambiguous malfunction message.  He said it would take certain amout of time to check every sensor related to the system that message was pointing to.  It would be fairly expensive.  I decided to purchase this product to see if I can narrow down to certain sensors to reduce the repair cost.  This one does the same job that professional OBD does with the same message.  But I got the three error codes this time.  I searched the internet and found out the answer.  It was just a loose pipe which triggered the sensor.  I believe I have saved hundreds of dollars.  The software came with the machine was totally useless.  Don't even bother to install it.  All you need is the internet access and the error code if the message is not clear enough to you.  I am very happy with this wonderful tool.
This scanner has already paid for itself 5 times over. My BMW loves to display the Check Engine Light for small faults in sensors and a typical trip to the dealer just to check the codes costs over 50 bucks. With this tool and Google, I read my codes, determined it was an emissions problem (faulty vacuum hose), and reset the light. The process is quick, it works just as advertised, and it is a must for any weekend mechanic looking to save some cash at the dealer with code reading. The OBDII port plug is easy to use and foolproof. I haven't even needed the accompanied CD software, as the internet has had all of the answers I've needed so far.
Easy to use.  My car frequently has the CEL for engine misfires.  I took it to the dealer and they said as long as it's running OK, don't worry about it.  Now when it happens, I can clear the light myself, for free!
simple instructions to use, good features, easy on screen menus...looks good
We love this sander/polisher the best. It has held up longer than the more expensive brands, it gets wet and dries out and works perfectly. We use it for buffing fiberglass.
This item does what it says. I really like the variable speed and the weight is not so heavy that you feel like you have been lifting weights. Very good buy.
I must say that I was surprised just how powerfull and effective this polisher would be, but I love it
We use the Vector VEC-260 10-Inch WAXXPro Waxer/Polisher for our auto detailing business and it holds up very well and is easy to handle.
Product works great and comes in a professional looking package, only thing missing missing would be a small bottle of wax to get from bucket to waxing. Orbiter is quiet and seems sturdy and tough to last a very long time. Glad I bought this product.
This product is lousy.  Wax is cheap and the pads are a waste of time.  They rip immediately.  Very disappointing.
I have basically the same charger made by Peak (exact same design and look) and used the desulfate feature periodically on my previous car's battery. The battery lasted me 10 years despite having drained it completely on several occasions and having left the dome light on overnight numerous times. It's not the fastest charger but it's probably better for the battery. I only wish that the desulfate feature could run more than 24 hours at a time. Sadly the desulfate feature doesn't seem to work in my current car (a Prius) unless I disconnect the battery and I had the battery die after 5 years.
I've always been a bit of a nerd when it comes to battery chargers. And while this charger doesn't monitor the temperature of the battery as it charges, it certainly manages a good job nonetheless.Recently I noticed dwindling capacity from the battery in my 2001 Audi S4 Avant ... go figure, it's been cold out in Michigan lately and this is the stock battery that has suffered several complete discharges on accident. Being a non deap-cycle design, letting it sit dead for 24 hours or more at a time is murder on it's lifespan. Its capacity was down to about 25% measured with a state of the art battery tester.I had the choice of either purchasing a new battery- ~$90 my cost, or buying this charger for $50 at a local Wal-Mart. Not having a good multi-stage charger presently (My prized yuasa charger died a year ago)- I inspected this one carefully. It's &quot;reconditioning&quot; feature drew my curiosity.. and knowing I could return it if it didn't work, I figured what the heck.My old battery now is up to 80% capacity after 48 hours of reconditioning. It does take a while, each cycle takes 24 hours beyond a normal charge. But, I'm impressed. This isn't some lame surface charge or slow trickle charge, it actually desulfated some of the plates on my battery.Pros- small, lightweight, heavy gauge clamps and wires. Internal variable speed cooling fan and switching power supply exhibit proper battery charger construction.Cons- too light. The wires weigh more than it does almost, so it's very easy to 'pull' the charger off of whatever you set it on, possibly making it fall to the ground and damaging it.Summary: The packaging has a hailstorm of technical information that most buyers aren't going to read, including screenshots from a Fluke scopemeter showing waveform generation comparisons. I think most Wal-Mart buyers are going to look at the $50 pricetag and buy the el-cheapo $19.99 5/50A analog charger and move on, making this excellent product eventually dissapear due to lackluster sales. If you want a good charger, buy this one while it's available. It won't be around forever..
I had to return this charger only after 15 minutes of use.  Not sure what went wrong with the charger.  But after using it for 15 minutes it shut off and never turned on again.  I don't know if it suffers in the heat of Los Angeles.  The replacement they sent me went out in the same amount of time.  I tried the two chargers on two different batteries and two different outlets.  I wanted to make sure it wasn't the battery or the outlets causing the outage.  It did not matter. It felt like both chargers overheated and burned out only after 15 minutes of use.
I have purchased two of the VEC1088A chargers, the first about a year ago.  With its high frequency switch-mode power supply technology it is very compact and light for a 12 Amp charger.  The desulfation mode appears to work well.  I had a 5 year old  car battery with a green 'eye' state-of-charge indicator.  No matter how much I charged this old battery, it would never indicate "green" for "full charge".  Using the Vector charger, I ran the desulfation mode twice (two days) and then charged the battery.  The charge indicator window on the battery returned to green, indicating that the specific gravity of the acid in the battery was back up to 'full charge' state.  One caveat ... the charger has circuitry that prohibits reverse connection and also avoids sparking during hookup.  This circuitry requires that the battery have some residual charge so the charger can sense a "real battery" is connected.  This charger will not initiate charge on a completely dead battery.  To charge a completely dead battery you must initially charge the battery for a few minutes with a 'dumb' charger, then hook up the Vector.  With the 12A charge rate, this charger will charge a battery enough to crank a car in only a few minutes.  I was impressed enough with my first charger to buy one for my brother.  He's been equally impressed. I recommend it.
I was surprised how well this unit worked for it's size. It has a top line of features, easy to use, light weight, and even has a pocket in the rear to hold the cables. The 12 amp max charge rate may be a little low for for someone who needs a boost type charger, but for deep cycle batteries(which I have)this charger is very ideal.
CHarger died after a few batteries were charged.Maybe I just got a lemon from the factory.  Dunno.  Did everythingaccording to the book, and the POS died on me.
This is a great smart charger that has many functional features. The only thing that makes this charger a challenge is that it is too smart!  It will not charge a battery that is completely dead - and there is no way to override it.  However, in fairness to the product, if the battery is that dead it likely will need to be replaced soon anyway!Great charger - fair price, and great warranty!  You cannot go wrong!
This unit will charge deep cycle marine batteries and auto batteries (Wet Cell only).  I would not use this on AGM or Gel batteries.Within a year both alligator clips broke under normal use on standard battery terminals.  Not good.  They told me I had to send the entire unit back both times. Instead of just sending me a new termnal, the girl said that would void the warrenty.Let see , top dollar for the charger itself.  2 UPs shipping charges waiting for the unit to be repaired two times...........I'd look elsewhere before buying this unit again.I hope this is helpful.D.H.
I have used this charger nearly every day for 2 years on my job as a professional automobile technician.  Today's vehicle batteries need to be placed on a charger to keep system voltage above 12.5 volts while their computer systems are interogated by the technician with a laptop or some other computer.  This little charger has always been up to the task as well as charging an assortment of dead batteries.  The only glitch I/ve had is that the plastic aligator clips broke but they are easily replaced.  I'd recommend this charger to any professional or the do it yourselfer.
I have had this charger for over 3 years now and have found it to be the very best!! I use it every year to rejuvenate my car and tractor (now 7 years old) batteries, my brother borrows it every year to rejuvenate his boating batteries and I have found it to be a life saver on those rare occasions when I leave the "lights on" and run the car battery to nothing. A well designed product should not be totally judged by "customer service" or those rare modes of failure. It is a very good charger, it does what it promises to do, and I am very happy with it. You may borrow it if you need it ---- but if you don't return it, I'll come looking for you.May 11, 2010 Although this model is no longer available, it seems to be similar to the Black & Decker VEC1093DBD Smart Battery 40/20/10/4 Amp Battery Charger. I assume that the VEC designation is a reference to Vector, the original manufacturer. The Black and Decker model has a higher AMP rating.
Like another reviewer, I had the alligator clip break literally after 2 uses. I see that this is not really available any longer but if it is, I'd skip it.
I've been using various chargers to maintain my household solar system for nearly twenty five years.  When I installed a new system two years ago I purchased a VEC1092 2/10/20/35 and it has been an excellent choice.  I am surprised at the bad reviews it has gotten in this forum and hope that I was not simply lucky enough to receive a rare "good" one, because I am ordering another one today for a neighbor who also lives off the grid.
The box and printed manual for this charger say it is "safe for all lead acid batteries including flooded, gel and AGM."  But when I set it to charge at 10 amps, the output voltage was 14.9-14.9 volts. This far exceeds the max voltage for every 12volt gel I have seen. A label on my batteries  says the max charging  voltage "should not exceed... 14.2 volts".A call to Vector led to their claim "we cannot match every gel battery out there". But on my query they acknowledged they do make more expensive chargers which have a battery type selector switch, w/gel one choice.  When I pointed out that obviously they knew some, if not most or all, gel batteries need special settings since their more expensive chargers have a switch for them, and asked, "So how can you  claim on your box and in your manual that the  1092 is safe for _ALL_ lead-acid batteries including gels?"  I heard only silence."_All_ is a pretty inclusive term you know" I added. More silence. After another 20 seconds of silence I hung up.Bottom line: If you have gel cell batteries, don't buy or use this charger!
This was very tempermental, often giving an error message that something is wrong with the battery.  I tried it on the same battery yesterday, and got three different messages in 3 consecutive tries.  Saying battery was full, then a bad cell, and finally not connected.  I tried it on 2 other cars which were both less than 3 years old, and both had "bad" batteries. I never did get my battery charged.  There has to be better choices.
I purchased a model VEC1093 at Sears three years ago and have been very happy with the unit. It performed as advertised until the negative terminal clamp broke a couple of months ago.I have read other reviews that say that the unit will be repaired if the purchaser pays for shipping. I would like to inform all that that option appears no longer available.I began by calling Vector at 800.618.5178 they said I could send it to any Black & Decker (Dewalt) service center for repairs. Called the nearest Dewalt service center and they informed me that NO parts are available for my $1 part on my $100+ charger. I spent two days following this vicious circle and finally called Noble Direct. They are the company that currently sells this product on Amazon.The person I spoke with two days ago said they would attempt to help me. Today I called them back to find that NO parts are available for the Vector charger.Great product but with NO support it is worthless so I recommend that you avoid this product and all other Black & Decker items!
I bought this device when I accidentally killed the battery on my SUV. I left the dome light on (for days) and it eventually killed the battery. When I tried to recharge the battery it just didn;t want to take a decent charge. I did some research (I am an engineer by trade) and found out about battery sulphate formation.This charger has a battery conditioning mode which is basically a desulphate cycle and it works. I charged the battery, ran the conditioning cycle a few times on the battery (it takes up to 24 hours per cycle) and it saved the battery. That was over a year ago at this point.There are many ways a battery can die and sulphate formation is only one. So I am not saying this will fix ANY battery. However, all lead acid battery sulphate to some degree so now the battery conditioning cycle is something I do once a year on all my batteries.This charger is also a nice charger. It does 2/10/20/40 amp charging and 100 amp start boosting. The cables all store tidy in the back and the handle is, well, handy.This charger was well worth the extra over a base charger in by opinion.
Compared to earlier generation chargers that used transformers, there is no comparison.  Switching power supplies are vastly lighter, cheaper and more powerful.  They are what you want.The main downside of this charger is slightly cheap parts, the noise of the fan, and sometimes being "too smart" for its own good.  For example a totally discharged battery will not charge on it, you have to give it a boost with an old charger so that it generates enough voltage for the Vector to accept that it's there.
This is without a doubt the finest charger - - for the money - - I have ever owned.  At 67 years old now, I've owned numerous chargers and I have even sold small chargers at my marina store. Nothing beats this to the best of my knowledge. It is true the clamps could be improved but I want to examine the clamp complaints I read here more closely.I did have one of my clamps break after using the charger successfully for a couple years. One clamp broke exactly in the same place described in other comments I read here. Mine broke after about three years of use but, in all honesty, it was my fault. I let the hood down on the clamp while it was attached to my battery and the clamp broke. Maybe a metal clamp would have held up to this abuse but I doubt I would have liked the burn mark in my hood... maybe right through, or possibly badly marking the light blue paint  from heat?I ran across this internet spot while searching for the company to order parts. The guys who gave this charger a bad rating and complained because the company wont send replacement clamps are all wet. Those clamps are riveted on to the wire and the wire is doubled and riveted to both sides of heavy copper clamp jaws so is not really practical or safe for the company to allow a user to try replacing these clamps at home. Now, if they would supply a replacement clamp which could be attached by bugging on to the wire with a screw, then maybe that would work. unfortunately, that is not in the cards so sending it back is the right approach.However, before I reached that conclusion, I tried to replace my broken clamp and I've noticed something else to be taken into consideration here. I actually did purchase a set of replacement clamps at Auto-Zone but upon closer inspection, I would not use those. The plastic clamps on my charger really seem far superior to the metal clamps I bought because the plastic clamps have heavier teeth and the wire is attached to both sided of the copper clamp jaws. The wire can only be attached to one side of the clamp jaws on the replacement clamps I got at Auto Zone and I don't think those cheap clamps with wiring to only one side of the jaw will stand up to the 100 AMP starting mode on my charger either. By the way, that starting feature works great as well. SO, be happy with your new charger but treat it kindly with care ... it will do its job if you do your job right when using this tool, it will do its job right for you.AH-HA, I found a great set of replacement clamps at a great price. I purchased the code #14-600 Goodall booster cable clamp set from Century Tool and Equipment in St. Peters, MO [phone 877-977-TOOL] [...] at the reasonable price of $12.08+$6.45 S&H.; Let me tell you, these puppies will never break and they have a copper strap built in so both sided of the clamp will conduct power to your battery. These are 600 amp clamps and they come with a lug and screw to attach your cable. The lug looks pretty heave for the wire size on the charger so I might reuse the existing lug if I can drill out the rivit... nevertheless, the fix only cost me $$18.53 for both clamps and from the looks of these things I'll never have the broken clamp problem again. Good luck! BTW, I would have written a whole new review about replacing the clamps but The AMAZON system would only allow me to ammend my existing review. It's still a great charger and I wouldn't want to change my opinion in that regard anyway.Harveys Lake, PA.
On 1/16/09 the temp here in Indiana dropped to 8 below zero.  My diesel truck did not start and the 2 batteries were run down trying to get the engine to start.  I brought my VEC1093 out from the garage (it was about 45 degrees in the garage) and attemped to charge the batteries.  It has always functioned fine in warmer weather, but alas when I needed it the most it malfunctioned.  It kept reporting that the battery was fully charged after 5 min.  I wish it was.  The 100 Amp booster did not work either.  I had to get my 17 year old 20 amp Schauer and it charged the batteries enough to start the engine after 1 hour.  The Vector functioned fine after it was warmed.  What good is a battery charger that doesn't work when cold??
I own an auto repair shop. My head tech put his lab scope on this battery charger while charging a battery and said its output is the purest form of DC power he has ever seen, even better than a cars alternator. Best battery charger I have ever owned, and I have owned a lot of them. I just ordered another one for home.
I bought the 2/6/12 amp product at a local but national parts store chain thinking it was going to be a good one.But it will not charge a battery that is dead and is still good. Sometimes the battery is new but not in use for a few month on one of my collector cars and needs the charge. Also the clamps are crap and break. The spring in the clamp is too strong for the plastic housing and they break in half at the clamping point.No support from where I bought it either. They don't carry the product anymore...
Upon receiving this charger I though it would prove to be quality product. Unfortunately not the case.I have had this charger for a year.  All of the labeling has come off the unit.  The lableling is barley better than a soup can.  The worst thing is that both of the clamps broke at different times.Called Vector and they said to send the unit back to them. I asked if i could just send the broken clamp back for a new one, the girl on the phone said no.  If I changed them myself it would void the warrenty.  Bogus !Pay $15.00 to send the unit back for a broken clamp.Very poor customer care policies on such an expensive charger.The charger is still charging but would not spend the additional $$$ it costs for this unit.  There are many other 3 stage chargers that would perform equally or better.I have yet to get the 100 amp quick start to work.Hope this is helpful
Bought this unit new instead of reconditioned . Used it appx. 5 times and it broke.(had it for 5 mo.) The shipping is appx 14.00 everytime it is sent back for repair. They sent me a reconditioned one back and it didn't work. These do not appear to be of very good quality chargers. I ordered a schumacher 1275A-PE to replace it. If you get one of these then good luck to you........
This battery charger is much better than a standard manual charger in so much as it properly charges a battery through stages.  It will not charge a battery that is "dead" without faulting.  Best to give your battery a boost from a manual charger, then switch over to the Smart charger.  The battery clamps are very poorly made and will easily break.  Replacement parts are not available through the manufacturer.
I'm an electrical engineer working in power electronics and also an old car buff. I got this about 2 weeks ago after my old charger was damaged by water. At 40 amps it charges faster than many roll-around chargers. I haven't used the 1 minute start feature yet. So far I'm really pleased. I read a couple of reviews complaining of the clamps breaking and I can only say that they seem very heavy duty and work great. Some people probably think it's made cheaply since it is so very light. Older battery chargers had heavy iron core transformers and sheet metal cases so the contrast to this plastic case and aluminum heat sink is very dramatic. Small, light and automatic 40 amp charging.. Hard to complain about that. LED display is hard to see in direct sunlight. Cord and Cable store in the rear compartment so no tangled cords. I got it directly from Northern Tool online for the same price as amazon. I like being able to phone if there's a problem with an order. I like amazon but you CANNOT phone them and talk to a human. You can read the specs at vectors web site called battery-care. Overall...a great charger.
This charger makes use of an inverter type power source which is more efficient then old transformer type chargers and much lighter too.  This compact unit not only does an excellent job of charging but also includes a means to evaluate the battery condition.  The digital display shows charge amperage along with a number of codes that can tell you if the battery has internal short, open cell or sulfated plates and more.  If the battery shows sulfated plates this unit will run a 24 hour battery conditioning cycle to remove it.1. You are getting with this unit a battery charger that will handle the charge time for you and shuts off when done automatically.2. Checks for proper alternator output voltage.3. Checks overall battery condition.4. Will recondition sulfated batteries.Clips and cables stow neatly in a compartment built into the charger.  Both battery clip leads and 110V power lead are six feet long.  5 year warranty.  I am very pleased with this unit.This is an update as of Aug 15, 2006.My unit is still working great, and my clamps are holding up just fine.  Some of the negative post about breaking clamps, I wonder if they changed from the unit I have?
I bought this on April 12, 2004. I've used it a lot for my RV battery bank recharging. I don't know how others are using their chargers but I cannot figure out how they are breaking the clamps. They are heavy plastic and seem tough enough to me. They have been for over 4 years of regular use. I'll definitely get another one if needed but at this rate I don't think I'll need to replace it for quite a while. I do keep it in the original box between uses and I don't throw it around or let it bang around in the back of my truck. Seems like it'll last if you don't beat it up. It does have a processor in it and I don't throw my laptop around either. 8-)Updated Dec. 2010 - I still use it and it is still as good as new. I love this charger.
I bought this charger based solely on the advertisement...Big mistake....Had it a very short time and both the clamps broke.  I called the manufacture and they said to send it back and they would replace the clamps.  Shipping cost would be my responsibility of course.  They told me they will replace the clamps with the same cheap ones the broke when I had it. As far as I am concerned, customer service on this charger stinks.  I would not recommend anyone buy this charger if dependability is a requirement.
I tried it through all of the features and it is what they advertise. I am very satisfied.I do not think it would hold up under the heavy use of a commercial auto business, but if you want a super hi tech, light weight, 40 amp charger that will do an excellent job for the home auto mechanic, this ones for you.
I was first using a charger (for an power inverter) that couldn't charge my batteries. I have 2 bank batteries (4 each), a 3 years old one, and a new one. The ancient one gave me performance that I never thought it could have given me : they are 3 years old !! and they keep working ! I haven't tested the new one performance yet !It's a smart charger. It gave your batteries the good charge at the needed rate ! and it automatically stops when the batteries are full.The only problem is that I thought I could charge my batteries at 100 Amp rate ! but I was wrong : this is an engine start system...
Ground clamp broke... only matter of time before the other one breaks as they are both made out of PLASTIC.  I plan on replacing both myself and if/when the charging portion does not work as it should, it is going in the garbage and I will never buy another Vector product again.  Customer service is horrible.  Save your money -- there are better chargers available for same or less $$$.
I found the charger did not work when I really needed it. My car battery was totally dead after several days with the dome light on (didn't know at the time). When the charger was connected to the battery, the charger would not start charging and would display an error that it was not connected to the battery. The owner's manual confirmed that the battery charger will not work if the battery has less than 4 volts in it. For me, this is unacceptable. There should some sort of override on this.
I received my Vector VEC1093 this week. And tested it in the garage with my 12 year old son today.  I have a car and a motorcycle that have 12 volt batteries.  My car battery was just replaced and I want to get more life from this new battery (Sears Diehard Gold).  My motorcycle sits usually except for weekends and this is very hard on the battery, but this one needs a low ampere charge.  The VEC1093 surprised us with it's ease of use and performance as advertised.  We put the motorcycle on two amps charge and the three stage process with beeps at each stage started quick and ramped down within a minute to what read 0.00 amps, then at a very low charge rate completed the charging.  Green light signaled complete charge and FUL appeared at the digital readout, which read 0.00 two minutes before.  Essentially the same result starting at 10 amperes for my car.  It will also re-condition batteries ( my next test on my motorcycle).  This replaces a Sears 2/10 charger that I have had for 15 years, but never seemed to help my batteries.  And could not start a car. This one has starting power at 100 amps and extremely fast three stage charging up to 40 amps. Awesome clean DC charging and state of the art diagnostic features with re-conditioning. I searched and this is the BEST charger I could find.  And it did work perfectly.Now, my son is confident he could use it on both our car and our motorcycle. Better product than I expected.
I purchased this unit a long time ago. It only lasted 6 month. Before I had a smaller unit from the samecompany which also went bad. I also purchased a 6 Amp version.(Not from Amazon) from Black & Deckerwhich seems that they took over Vector over 3 years agothat is still working. I bought a Shuhmacher 15 AMP Marine version for 46.00 usd from Amazon that I amvery happy with.Very light unit and fast charger.
I finally through mine in the garbage today and decided to tell everyone about it.  It is Junk, The clamps broke but worse is if your battery is completely dead it will not charge.  Why would someone make a charger that would will not charge a dead battery.  Junk!!!!Rippoff
Battery clamp broke in only 4 days. The clamps were plastic and one snapped, probably due to the spring tension of the clamps.  Vector suggested I ship it back to them (at my expense)and they would send me a new unit.  I suggested they have their Chinese suppliers design a more durable battery clamp.Otherwise, the VEC1093 charger appears to be as advertised and does a good job.  I would buy another if they ever redesigned the battery clamps.
If you buy this charger, I suggest immediately investing a coulple of bucks on some decent quality metal clamps to replace the flimsy plastic ones.  Other than that one weak spot, the unit is brilliant.  With the desulfating function, I have brought several starter batteries back from the brink after months of sitting undercharged.  The charger is a little quick to throw a fault code if the battery is very weak, but a few tries at the lowest setting, with a desulfate cycle thrown in between them usually does the trick.  Of course, overly discharging a lead acid battery is highly destructive to the battery anyway, but this charger is the closest thing you will find out there to a miracle cure.  It is also very well suited to maintaining a perfect charge on banks of RV batteries during winter storage.  It comes on and tops off the batteries only when it detects the need, so there is no danger of overcharging and boiling off electrolite.
this charger does NOT charge at 100Amps - the max charge rate is 40 Amps - the 100 Amps is an engine start mode only (5 seconds max). Having understood that this is a great unit - does a very good job of charging fast.
These vector "smart" units are useless. I've had one for 3 yrs now and not ONCE has it charged a battery. I took the initial unit back since all it did was give me "fault errors".  Got the new unit, went to use it a month later, same fault error "F03 Open Cell" telling me the battery needed replaced. I have tried to use this garbage unit on at least TEN separate occasions the past couple of years....F03 fault errors every time! Funny thing is, my buddies old "not smart" Schumacher charged the batteries right up. Reading some reviews, i noticed someone figured out these units wont charge a battery if it is under 4 volts. WTH? A battery charger that wont charge dead batteries??? Save yourself the headache, avoid this company at all costs..
I think they must have changed them, mine is many years old and they are very heavy duty.  I guess, one should open the box and physically handle them.  I have heavy duty jumper cables which have equivalent clamps.  The only other issue is not charging the really dead batteries.  Over the years I have run into this and it is frustrating.  I do kind of "bump" dead batteries multiple times and I can usually get them to charge eventually, the unit will come off the fault modes.  On the other hand, I love the 100 amp boost and I use that constantly.  When my wife brought it home (sent her to the store for emergency situation) I thought it looked and felt cheap and I was very suspect.  But It has been a very good tool over the years.  I have never really had the desulfication mode work for me, but I honestly have only tried once or twice.  Going to try it again today on a very unused motorcycle battery that has been sitting for a few years.  Yes, it's plastic and the label fades and I can't ever remember getting instructions with it (lost right away?) but I would not hesitate buying another one.  I have knocked it over and it's fallen off cars, etc. but it's still intact.
Being a licensed electrician I was interested in this unit and I purchased the VEC1093D. The advertising does not tell you that this charger will not charge batteries that have less than 4 volts left. In other words you are purchasing a battery charger that will not charge a dead battery! If the battery wasn't dead why would one need a charger? It would not charge a brand new car battery that become fully discharged. I had to jump the car and let the alternator charge the battery. Some smart charger. You can turn it on and it will charge for awhile and walk away thinking it is charging and find a fault code and the battery still dead when you return. Sometimes it will give a different fault code on the same battery each time it is turned on. The labels on the front started curling off within a week. This "smart charger" is a waste of time and money. Get an old fashioned charger with a knob or switch on the front - they work every time.
This battery charger lives up to it's name; it's smart. And if you use it correctly it's very rewarding. I charge an 80A deep cycle outboard battery with it on the 40A setting and it's usually done in an hour.It's desulfating cycle is highly effective, it can literally bring a car battery back from the dead and save you the cost of a new one. There's only a few things necessary to make this charger work well: make sure the battery is on a level surface, and heed the somewhat non-traditional grounding methods such as using a 6ft extension cable from the neg. terminal if the battery is unmounted and plugging the neg. to the chassis if it is mounted in the car. You also want to follow the error messages as it will tell you what your battery needs, to be restored or the connection adjusted.One more thing, watch for Amazon to put this one on special; when I bought it less than a year ago on a promotion it was a real deal at 90+. Also the model I have looks different than this one (mine has no yellow colors). But it has the same model# and as far as I can tell is the same charger.
I had one of these for several years.  I used it on several long trips.  I've powered both a Lenovo laptop and a DVD player at the same time.  I used it every day to power cell phone charger and a CD player.  (Car CD player died, so bought a cheap one that used AC power).  The DC outlet never worked well, and I gave up on it.  It was much quieter than other power inverters I've used. It finally died recently, and I needed one quickly, so bought a different model I could get in a brick and mortar.  I liked this enough that I may buy it as a spare.
I have had this item for about 6 weeks.  Haven't used to a lot, but so far I like it.  This power inverter is smaller and looks nicer than my old one, which was stolen out of my car along with a few other things.It has one electrical outlet, and above that is a cigarette lighter outlet, so if you have other devices that need that kind outlet you can use them while this power inverter is plugged in.The plug fits kind of loosely in my cigarette lighter outlet, but I don't know if that's the plug or the outlet on my car.The only thing I don't like about this item is the "no tangle" cord.  Its one of those coiled up cords, like a telephone cord (look at the picture of the item).  The cord is long enough that it could stretch to the backseat, but if I were to try this it would pull the plug out of the outlet.  Its coiled so tight that I couldn't really put it anywhere that would require the coil to be stretched.  It just annoys me that they call it a 36" cord.  For practical use not more than probably 18", but I don't have the item right in front of me to measure it.I'll still give this item 5 stars.  4.5 if Amazon allowed 1/2 stars.
I bought a Targus 90W inverter from a computer store while traveling several years ago so I could run a Mac iBook while on a trip. And also my electric razor.  I've been using it ever since and have never had any problems with it.  A Mac PowerBook works with it too.  It has also powered other laptops as well as DS games and other electronics, and it has charged phones and other devices.  The first thing I did was to plug a 3-way adapter into it so I could plug more than one item into it at a time.  It works great as long at the total load stays under the rated 90 watt output.  I've never put mine into a cup holder - I've got better things to put in those holders - so it just lays on the floor.  I've used it in several different vehicles with no issues.  Once in a while the cigarette lighter adapter doesn't connect well, but that's typical for such adapters, and it just needs to be pushed in and wiggled a bit until a good connection is established.  I recommend this inverter for rated loads - just check the power requirements for the items you want to run on your inverter to make sure nothing requires more than 90 watts of power.  If the wattage isn't listed, just multiply the listed volts X amps to get watts.  Be aware, however, that some items require more power for starting up - start up surge - and if that's greater than 90 watts, the item won't work with this inverter even if it's constant draw is within range.
This unit worked fine the first two times I used this (about and hour or so ea session) but when I tried to use it the 3rd time....nothing!  This was a refurbished unit I bought so I guess I get what I pay for but this will be returned.
I like this converter.  I can plug my Laptop into it while in the car, and be productive all day long.  I don't have to worry about my laptop battery dying or having to wait for my PC to boot when I need info.
i only get about 100 volts out of it at a full 12 volt charge. with engine running. not enough.
I purchased this item so that I can heat up water but it could not handle the wattage and it did not work.  I have a bad back so I put this item in my car and attached a small heat pad.  Now I have a happy back when I drive.
This is a good solution that provides options for powering different devices from the car adapter.  Use caution; check amp requirements of the device you're trying to power and do not overload the inverter.
I use it to power a reading lamp in my truck.  It works perfectly, and does exactly what I need.
I use this almost every time I'm in the car.  It has a fan in it that makes a whirring noise but its no big deal.  If you are drawing a lot of power it has a high pitched tone (which usually will stop if you turn on the car...i.e. there's more power generated).  It works great and keeps my laptop always charged.  The part that plugs into the lighter has the cord on it so you can put it in tight spots unlike some other products.  I've had 2 of them now and the reason I only gave it 4 stars is because they do tend to break after a year or so.  I just keep replacing them...definitely worth it.
I have had this power inverter for a very long time, and I am happy with the way it works. It is convenient to have this in the car for charging small items for which you may not have a car charger. I mainly use it for charging my cell phone, but I have also used it to charge digital cameras, rechargeable batteries, netbooks, Kindle, etc. You have to watch the voltage/watts of the item you want to use. I don't think this can handle larger laptops for extended periods of time. However, I have never had a problem with my netbook.Two problems which make this item lose a star, are that the additional DC plug is too close to the AC outlet - making it difficult to make use of both plugs at the same time (especially with the larger plugs included with GPS units - particularly Garmin's and some electronics use the block adapters as plugs, which would cover the DC plug); and the cord that plugs into your car comes out of the side of the unit towards the bottom. This means that if you want to place this in a cup holder, as it appears to be the perfect size for, it will not fall flush into the cup holder because the cord will be in the way. This is more than a slight inconvenience because if you go ahead an place it in the cup holder anyway, the pressure from the item on the cord will eventually cause the unit to stop working when the cord gets dislodged.However, both of these things can be overlooked if you are not too picky. The unit can be placed on the floor, instead of a cup holder; and you can use a small extension cord (I have a small 8" cord that I use) - and that allows items with larger plugs to fit in both the AC and DC outlets.For this current price (less than ten dollars) you can't beat this inverter!
How often are you on the way to work or to a meeting and you end up getting stuck in the traffic jam of the century. Nobody is moving and you can tell it's going to be a while. It would make sense to brush up on those reports or your presentation while you're stuck, but who wants to eat up the battery on their laptop right before a presentation? This inverter allows you to plug in your laptop into your car - just like a wall outlet - no worries, work off your car's alternator instead of your battery and catch all your typos before you get to your appointment!
I first bought the 100W slim line inverter that Targus makes (APV10US) and the fan in that unit was so outrageously loud, i returned it.So i returned it for the cheaper, larger 90W unit and was delighted to find that it was completely silent and had NO FAN!!!!the power is fine for DVD players, my IBM thinkpad laptop, etc. (just not at the same time).
I bought this so I could recharge the batteries for my digital cameras while I was driving on weekend trips, and it worked fine the first couple times I used it, and then suddenly started making a high-pitched whine and stopped charging anything at all. Now I can't use it at all, because every time I plug it in it starts whining and refuses to charge anything.Something this expensive shouldn't break so easily.I normally love Targus products, but I'm very disappointed with this.
I am very disappointed with this product. It looks like it is solidly built and provides an expectation of long life, but internal components and circuit seem to be weak. I bought it many months ago, but only got the opportunity to use it recently on a road trip and it just died within a few hours of using it. We may have overloaded it, but I would expect such devices to trip or give a audible warning or some other means of warning instead of just dying. What a waste!I see that other people are having a good luck with this product (going by the review rating), but I wouldn't recommend it to my friends/family.
I bought this because a friend of mine had it and was very happy with it. I've used it now on two long trips, with both my navigation system and a 15 inch laptop computer running games plugged in at the same time. No issues whatsoever. Highly recommended product.
Great product that allows me to run both my GPS and Radar  detector on those long trips.  The size and flexibility of this units increases it's options for use. The price was reasonable and I would recommend to anyone who's looking for a dual dc adapter for their vehicle.
The wiring harness consists of a Molex type connector with 13 color coded wires.  The colors are distinct, so connections can easily be made.  The contacts are firmly mounted in the plastic housing.  The ends of the wires come pre-stripped, and that saves you the trouble of having to strip the wires yourself. The only suggestion I can think of that might improve the product is for the manufacturer to pre-tin the ends of the wire (of course the user can easily tin the wires). The price was fair and the product arrived on time and in perfect condition.
Worked like a charm. Easy to install. Works with my 95 YJ. Not sure of compatibility on other models. A+
Bought this for my 95 cherokee. Harness is the correct one and matches. One thing to note for cherokee owners, there is no ground wire in the harness. the cherokee has a seperate ground running to the radio. just tie that to your aftermarket radio ground and you are all set.
I know a few people that don't use these and just splice the new harness to the OEM wires. But I like to be able to easily put the OEM stereo back in before I sell a vehicle. This fit my '93 YJs factory harness perfectly.
worked great on a 1988 jeep wagoneer &#34;cherokee&#34; plugged in to stock wiring harness. wire colors are close. worked great.
only suggestion i have is to have the ends of the wire pre cut already- saves much time when installing
Bought this harness to install a Kenwood stereo into a 1991 jeep wrangler that had a stock radio. It worked perfect. All the colors matched to the Kenwood harness. Couldn't be easier.
This wire harness fitted just right into place. Everything hooked up fine and everything on the radio works even the power ant.
Simple plug in to the factory harness, and wire matching colors to head-unit. This is as painless as it gets. Scosche never fails with wiring kits. Just make sure you have the right vehicle kit!
Out of three power inverters I have used recently, this one is the best.  The biggest difference I have noted its the ability to handle a higher peak startup surge without going into error mode.  This unit has been working like a charm for me for about two years now.
Removes grease, dirt and oil from your arms and hands quickly and effectively. I've used this type of gojo for years and nothing that won't harm your skin or isn't hazardous works better in my opinion. Put a small glob in your hands, rub them together and wipe dry... You can add a few drops of water if you want, but I never do.It doesn't smell like oranges or any other kind of fruity scent and some people don't like the smell, but I do.
It's like sandpaper in paste form! Which for me was not a good thing. I used it to try to remove deep scratches on the top of my car only to find out that it put more scratches in. The instructions are totally wrong too. Doing back and forth motions to put this in will put straight scratches wherever you apply this product. I had to do research to find out how to fix the mess this ineffective and damaging product made.To fix the scratches that the rubbing compound put in I usedMeguiar's Ultimate Compoundwith a bit of elbow grease and circular motion. At first I used light pressure but after watching several youtube videos I found out that I needed to put my back into it. Sure enough it worked! Most of the scratches put in by this product were concealed but the original scratches I had were not. I've learned to live with them.
I used this rubbing compound, in combination withTurtle Wax T-26R Finish 2001 Wax. 14 oz. pasteon the hood of my black car. I'm very happy with the result. I was thinking I need to get the hood repainted. It was very dull, and turned almost white. I was already starrting to think when I was going to get this paint job done. I wasn't able to get it done very soon, so it would have to wait for a while. Posssibly a couple of months. So I diced to try to give it polish till then. Not expecting any result, I bought the car polish to try it out. And I bough the compound, for a different part of the car. It had a smalll paint scratch on the car. And I knew the compund whould take that off. But I wasn't thinking of using it on the hood.I tried the polish first on the hood. It did not do much. It got glossy and shiny, but it was still white-ish.I turned my attention to the paint scratch on the door. It wasn't a scratch to the car, it was more paint from another car that was left on mine, and was difficult to take off. The compund worked. It took off the paint from the other car, but it made the paint on my car very dull. I knew that would happened (from previous experience years ago). It was a small area, so I wasn't really concerned with it, but decided to see what the polish would do. Waauw. I was impressed with the result. I had an immediate shiny black paint. Happy me. Only then did I read the instrucions (didn't do so, before, cause I've used years ago, but not with the pollish), and find out it recommends to use it in combination with the car polish.On I went to the hood. I tried it on only a part of the white-ish dull area first. First the compound, and then the polish. I was amazed with the result. It was not 100%, but I was very happy. I took pictures. Decided to apply it a couple of times, to see if it would get even better. The next day I applied it to the rest of the area on the hood. Very nice. I decided to apply it a couple of times, over the next few days. After the 1st time I could alreaddy see an amazing improvement. After applying it 3 or 4 times, I was very happy. I've taken pictures, I hope they show why I'm so happy. I don't think I will need that paint job after all. Not for a while at least.Ps. Follow the instructions. Apply the compund and polish when the car is clean, and cool (not in the sun).
This is like magic, I scratch my car's left side at the parking lot, and corner.  It goes deep inside the paint.  However, after I apply it on and using a cutting pad.  it not only get rid of the scratch but smooth out the whole area to match.
Best wax on the market, I use a lot of wax. The only time I get &#34;wow your car looks nice&#34; is when I used turtle wax. This compound is better for older paint jobs, key hole scratch removal etc. you'll need to be a car person or own a buffer to use this, otherwise they make the same thing in liquid it's easier to apply and get off then this compound here. Either way it works.Wash your carDry itApply wax with towel cloth like ragcircular motions onlyAvoid gaps and vents with wet wax ragLet it dry to a hazeUse a clean dry towel or buff clothCircular motionsUse dry rag to go near vents and holes etcThen go for a drive and see for yourself.Use it in your headlights winsheild etc.
This stuff seems to work just fine; I have only used it a few times, but each time it removed the scratches from my vehicle without a low of trouble.
This product did not remove the scratch but is a really good paint cleaner removed all tire rubber and road grime with some effort.
I've noticed a few random scratches on my Lexus, so I decided to give this a shot.  I followed the instructions exactly as listed, thankfully only tried it on 3 spots.  Well, not only did this NOT remove the scratches, but it dulled the paint job, making the scratches and the spot 1000 times more noticeable!!!  OMG.  I am so disgusted and I wish someone would have told me to NEVER look at this product!!!  So, now I'm hoping the dealership can help me correct the issue, but will probably cost me an arm and a leg now!!  UUGH!!!
Turtle wax, 40/50 years ago was great. It would compound scratches out and remove stains fromcar paint. I bought it, shipped it over to Vietnam and it would not take gas stains off of my motorcycle.Live and learn.No, I would not recommend this product.jbay
This compound was bought to remove the oxidation out of the paint job on one of my vehicles, however,didn't get a chance  this year to work on it, but next year,if it's the Lords will that i am here, first weather break i'm going to get busy.
This product worked just as the manufacturer described. If only more products lived up to their name, we'd all be in better shape! Thanks Turtle Wax!!
My daughter in law got some yellow paint on her car from getting too close to something and got an outrageous estimate from a body shop to fix it.  I got her this rubbing compound and she fixed it herself for under $10!  Great stuff.  Now she thinks I know stuff.
I tried using on some light scratches and some water spots but  it didn't work. The description of the product said it would address these.
Took off 98% of the white paint from a pole i hit off my black bumper. for the money you can't beat it
We ordered 2 of these visors to hold our daughter's CDs.  These are thin & easily fit on the visor so as to allow the visor to sit closely to the roof.  I appreciate that the visor can be flipped downwards on Velcro so as to access the mirror.My only complaint is that the visor is quite flimsy.  I believe that this is because they want it to be so thin.  When I pull down the visor to access the mirror, I have to hold both sides of the Velcro because I worry that it might tear.All in all, this product is useful & helps us to have access to enough music to keep our daughter from driving us absolutely nutty on long drives.
Nicely made (no surprise coming from Case Logic) and I love that you can still use the visor mirror. A quality product at a reasonable price.
I like having all of my CD's easily accessible in the car. It beats having to reach around the seat or onto the floor board for a CD case. The CD visor makes changing CD's very easy and convenient.
Holds 12 CDs, you might be able to stuff two in the first and last pockets, including the netting at the bottom. Hasn't fallen down, hasn't spilled discs everywhere when I go around a sharp corner, a very convenient display of listening options for my passengers.
I bought it, installed in the car, fit perfectly, added 10 cd's and some emergency cash - once I forgot to take my valet and was in trouble to eat whole day, fortunately had enough gas to get home. Some kind of trouble maker broke into my car two weeks ago. And didn't find the cash in it... The expense was less than this cash. So love this stuff, just have to install the new cd player to be able to use it. :-)
The visor organizer is good at it's primary function: organizing a sleeve of cd's for quick and easy swaps from the player.
This product works great, with ease of taking a cd out and putting it back in the holder. Haven't had a problem with it ever since I got it.
I finally got this. Everyone I knew or saw had one in their car. I wanted one that was easy to use and easy to put on the visor. It is!It even has a pocket to put money or other small items in. Would really recommend this product.
This is a good quality CD Holder that seems like it will hold my CDs just fine for a long time.
I've had this for close to a year now and the Velcro still holds great and its convenient. It allows me to have a loose selection of CD's in my car without digging through a big binder of them or something. I recommend.
The straps do NOT fit around my visor, and no stretching available, will keep though just won't be able to use as I wanted.  I will now check out the stores
With a CD holder like this all you need it to do is hold the CDs and not scratch them. Don't overfill it and make sure the velcro is attached securely and there's not much more you could ask for.
I've had the elastic type for a few years but eventually they will stretch out and no longer stay on the visor.  I like that this one has velcro so if it loosens (which I doubt that it will do), you can always re-stretch it over the visor.
I bought this as a gift for my nieces new vehicle.  She really liked it and is getting a lot of use out of it.
received quickly, as described. this case is working well for me. purchased one for my boyfriend and he likes his as well.
Just what I needed in car to hold my CDs .This visor holds 12 and keeps my car clear of clutter and so easy to just pull a CD out no more CD clutter in my car
I wanted to display pictures of my grandkids in my car so I got this and used paper clips to attach them and also used the other part for cd's. A musical art galary
My biggest worry was that the CD case would obstruct my driving view, but it doesn't at all! Holds a good amount of CDs and a little space for money or paper. Just what I was hoping for!!
Very good product, even if for a very outdated piece of media. Designed very well to fit everything without making the entire holder rip if filled to capacity like some previous holders I've had.
This is a great product.  It makes it easy to get the CD's you want without searching through a regular case.
I put it on my car's visor and immediately the disks fell out, starting flying all over the place.  Ouch!
Holds the CDs so loosely that if going over a bumpy road they fly out of the case and all over the car.  Almost caused an accident.
Great price and helps organize my car in less than a minute! Fits nicely and holds just the right amount of CD's
I bought this as a gift. I use it for papers and notes in car not cd my friend saw it and said she need one
This is a great product for the price. I would recommend it anyone looking fr this type of gear. Shipping was great too!!
I purchased this for my 2007 Honda Civic Ex. Works pretty well. It fits better in one orientation (discs facing left) than the other, but for the most part its great. Materials are a little cheaper than I expected from Case Logic, but still functional.
This CD case was great for holding my go to collection as I'm on the road.  I have no complaints, as it also matches some vintage case logic equipment I have for additional automotive storage needs.
Fits my Honda CRV visor very well. The CD's fit nicely. I read all the reviews and decided to order one and take a chance and now I am going to order a second one the passenger side. It meets all my expectations.
I received and noticed it wasn't made by Caselogic.Looks similar in product photo, but no Caselogic logo and quality wasn't good.Feels cheap and CD pockets were all wrinkled and uneven.
I like it, it works well with my needs, I ended up getting two of them. One problem though is that occasionally the last 2 CD's fly out sometimes, so just don't put and CD's in the last two spots.
A great CD holder that fits securely to the visor with velcro.  The elastic on my old one stretched out from the heat.
It's a simple product that has worked well. It's a lot more durable than others I have purchased in the past. Very happy with it.
Very strong magnets allow this to be placed on ceiling and/or floor vents.  The quality is fair/good.  It tends to come apart when adjusting the size but easily snaps back together.
This is one of those products who's quality can vary on how you use it.  If you use it for a ceiling vent, its perfect.  The magnets hold well and it is light enough to not fall.  However, if you use it for a floor vent, I would not recommend this product.  It is very flimsy and it will break the first time you step on it.  I wish it was a deeper though.  It only covers half of my vent.
The area of my favorite chair didn't get enough air conditioning form the ceiling vents.  I thought about re-running the vents, at considerable expense and hassle.  But this little product solved the problem for five dollars.  Amazing!
Works just as described. I don't understand how some people can say it melts when heat is turned on. Mine works great when heat is running.
My spot on the couch no longer has the nice cold breeze from AC vent! Perfect place for warm mommy with LO to hang!The magnets are strong, its hanging in all right from several weeks!
For many years now, vents have been made out of aluminum -- even plastic.  The magnets on these things are worthless.  They should be designed with some alternative way of mounting to the vent.
Flimsy materials, suppose to be magnetic but does not &#34;stick&#34; to vent, would not recommend for wall ventilation, may work for floor ducts?
Well, not much to say. It came on time, wasn't broke, and works as intended. Doesn't slide as easily as I'd like, but once it's in place it doesn't really matter.
I purchased these for all my floor vents in my house.  They have a magnet on each side that is strong enough to attach to your metal vent and is going to stay until you are ready to take it off (or until you accidentally kick it).  They are adjustable lengthwise and are made out of plastic.  They don't seem like they are very durable but ours have been kicked several times with not a scratch or crack.  They direct the airflow into the room as it should be rather than up the wall.  My cats also love to sit in front of them and warm themselves.  Great purchase.
Purchased the product for a ceiling vent, yes I know. But I thought the magnet would be strong enough because of other reviews. It was not, my husband screwed a hole through the sides and was able to get it to work.
The magnets attach well to steel vents; they're strong enough to keep the deflectors stuck to a wall vent. The plastic is cheap and brittle, but this works well enough that I'm buying a couple more for other wall vents in my place.
The plastic shield itself is kind of flimsy, but the magnets are quite powerful so it suits my needs exactly. We put it on a wall heater to help direct the heat into the room. Wouldn't recommend for a floor unit if it could get stepped on by pets or children. Would recommend for wall or ceiling use.
It is what it is and the price was solid.I would say this is more of a review of the Amazon mobile application as I was visiting my 90 year old grandparents who needed this item badly. I was able to order and set up shipping on a Saturday while visiting them 5 hours from our home (no internet service)....setting up the shipping on the phone....and have them to their house shipped free with Prime on Tuesday,What fantastic service and while these aren't anything spectacular, they function as promised and made them very happy. Thanks Amazon!
Pretty much just what you want.  I put these on my second floor ceiling air vents and they stick just fine.  Easy to use and good to go in under a minute.  I'm pretty sure I could break them if I stood on them but I think if they got knocked off (due to a kid throwing a ball or something) they would not break, seems solid enough.
Bought this to fit under a little couch so that heat would still come into the room (no place else to put couch). Deflector works as advertised. Stays in place well with magnets; Roomba has not disrupted this yet (2 months, the robot runs three days a week). Very satisfied with purchase.
Hard plastic but very easy to pull the two pieces apart & off of a metal grate. We needed something for baby-proofing & this is definitely not it.
Works well.  I use it on a ceiling vent but initially it would not hold.  Magnets are not very strong and the vent is painted metal.  Will hold on unpainted vents I am sure.  I made it stick by adding some rare earth disk magnets.So - if you plan on putting it on a painted ceiling vent or perhaps even a painted wall vent where gravity is part of the equation, you might need some additional magnets.I have no issues other than this and would recommend it knowing this added fact.
Easy to use. Fits great. I gave it a 4 because it appears to be green in the photo but it is clear. No biggie.
I ordered three of these as there are a couple of floor vents that needed the heat directed more into the room. There's not much to say about this product other than it works exactly as I expected. The magnets that hold it onto the metal vent covers are strong enough to hold it in place if the vents were on the ceiling.If you need an inexpensive solution for your metal heating/AC vents, give these a shot.
I have a heating/AC single unit in my bedroom and that's it. There is a duct that leads from it to my living room where a box sits on the wall with the vent on the top part so everything rises up agains the wall. I noticed that even closing off the bedroom vents and letting the majority of heat head into the larger living room that it was not getting very warm and looked for something like this to force the air outward from the wall.I got this item, the magnets snapped right on and it's been wonderful. It's perfect for what I need it for and really makes a difference.
A little clumsy because the two pieces easily separate, but once installed onto ceiling vents, they've stayed there for over a month while the a/c has regularly been running.
I was skeptical to buy this at first due to some bad reviews, did it anyway. It is a good cheap product which does it's job. It depends how you handle it. We keep our Heat setting at 69 F in winter, not more than 70 F and A/C at 74/75 F in summer. It is working fine and no bends or melts of any sort yet.Use: Deflect air off of ceiling vent. I wish it was more adjustable in dimension width wise.
I put one of these in my room to keep the air from blowing directly on my bed and one in my daughters' room for the same reason and also to redirect the air from blowing their curtains away from the wall.  They installed easily since they are magnetic and we haven't had any issues with them since.
The vents where I live, the way they are situated are just like any but are way too close. Being that the two nearest ones are 3 feet apart, and both within 6 feet of the A/C-Heater, they spit out air with a good amount of pressure behind it.My room however, because it is far away, I can't feel it as much. Closing up the nearest vent to the unit helped with this, but then it needed direction as having it go into your eyes, isn't much fun. Plus, I love how it is redirected to the wall(s) where it is then shot down and towards the floor.I know it's an odd situation, but it works for what I need it to do. You can tell it is well built, and being adjustable is great. Magnets work very well too.Great product.
I purchased one of these at a thrift store and really liked it so I ordered more here on Amazon.  I like them because my house is a 100 years old and when the central air was installed some idiot put all of the vents in front of the windows.  Now everytime the air kicks on my curtains and drapes go a flying from the air.  These vents solve this problem and I have found that my house actually stays cooler than before.
Does it's job well. Strong little magnets to hold onto the vent register. Blends in well to the surroundings and doesn't stick out like a sore thumb.
In the item description, it should say that this reflector is for floor vents only, or there should be an option to select ceiling or floor.
Perfect for what I need. Our ceiling vent was pointed at our sliding glass door (genius design by the builder). I just stuck this up there and now the vent blows into our living room! Wonderful! Have had it for months without a single issue. Stays up there no problem!
They really help direct the air flow. I had several vents blowing air between my curtains and windows. I got these, stuck them on and could immediately tell a difference. The house stays cooler now.
These are used in my house during the winter months only.  They keep the heat lower which keeps the room more comfortable.  They are easily removed for summertime when it is best to circulate the air in the room to cool it better.
I used these this past winter on a couple of floor registers, and they work as advertised. They're magnetic so they stay in place (though easily dislodged if bumped into). Not a cheap purchase if you need a bunch, but the couple that I got work fine and made a difference in the room (and probably allowed the furnace to run a little less to heat the house). I would recommend, and would buy again.
Magnets are not strong enough to attach to the vent.  Additionally, while it came in a box, the clear plastic was pretty scratched up.Dissapponted.
Instead of billowing and shifting the window curtain along the rod out of place, redirect that vent blast!  Magnetic hold keeps things in place.  Simple design, works as intended.
plastic could be stronger, but it mounted fine to ceiling registers and is diverting the air as it should.  I ended up buying 3 more after trying the first one.
We happen to have vents located near the outer walls. These work to channel the air into the middle of the room, where a ceiling fan can circulate and make the room temperature more even. They work!
The deflectors did a fine job keeping the heat away from the windows.  We were very pleased with their quality and price.
We needed to keep the ceiling vent from blowing air directly on my sons bed when the heater or a/c kicks on.  This works perfectly.  The magnets hold it with no problem.  It's very clear so you barely notice it.  I also love that it's adjustable.  It can fit across the length or width of the vent.
My kids busted the original deflector and I started looking for another to replace it.  This works perfectly to deflect the air away from curtains we have near our sliding glass door in our family room.
I have these mounted on ceiling vents. They stay in place perfectly and adjust easily. Just be certain that you understand the sizing of the vents and the deflector: Some vents are deeper than others, and you may not want a deflector that will cover the entire vent. This deflector only covers about 70% of my vent, and I planned it that way so that some air is still directed downward. I can't think of any negatives at all. The seller did a nice job of packing and shipping.
The price was right and it was delivered on time, however, it was not as durable as I imagined and was a little smaller than it looked to be in the picture.  It was also a little flimsy when extended to it's supposed maximum size.  I would not buy it again as my vents are larger and this is just not adequate for the intended purpose.  However, if the vents were not as wide, it would be acceptable.
I bought these and the Magnets (the magnet covers didn't work)these others the plastic covers work great I highly recommend them
Looks exactly like the picture. The magnets are strong and do a good job of keeping the deflector in place on my floor vents. I definitely feel a difference in how the room heats. It will be interesting to see if it makes a difference to my electric bill. I would recommend this product to anyone with floor vents near windows. I don't have ceiling vents so I cannot comment on how well these would work in that application.
I have two vents directly over my living room sofa and although I have lived with them blowing directly on me for a long time, a suggestion by a friend, had me search out diffusers.  I am really glad that I did.The diffusers work great in re-directing the air flow off of me and either into the room or towards the windows.  The magnets hold perfectly on my ceiling vents and the diffusers appear pretty sturdy.  So far, nothing has fallen to "crack me in the head."The diffusers are adjustable so that you can get them to fit even if you have a vent lever or screws that may get in the way, which I do.I am very pleased and would recommend this product in that it absolutely helps.
Works just fine for what we need it for (under a bookcase), but the magnets arent as strong as I would have expected. Overall I am happy with this purchase.
Ordered 4 of them, they work great...nice to feel air coming into the room instead of watching it go up the curtains.
These are a little tricky to adjust the width without separating the two halves, though once set they remain together well.  The magnets for holding the deflectors in place are surprisingly strong, giving set it and forget it convenience.
I was surprised how well they work. Several of my vents are over head & have never had any problem with the vents staying on to my surprise.
I have gone many winters without these. Not anymore bought 1 to test it and ended up going to walmart to buy 10 more. They work really well and i have kicked them so many times without breakage.
The magnets work surprisingly well. Although it does not disappear, the clear plastic makes it so your eyes don't get drawn to it.
These were very easy to install and held great. They helped a lot defecting the air into the room. A very simple solution.
This is what I expected.  It does move the air better over my bed which is what I wanted it to do.  It's not great but then it's better than nothing.
If you have pets, these are probably not for you. Any weight on top is going to break the cheap, thin, and flimsy plastic they are made out of. They work great when they are not broken, though.
This looks like a good idea but when put into practice doesn't work. I have a wall grille that's a bit high (my ceiling's 12 feet). The magnet is so small there's nothing magnetic about it. I even tried taping it to the wall with duct tape, still fell.
I needed a air deflector so the heat would not go straight up and this is great. Nice quality not cheaply make. I love it.
Got two of these for floor vents next to windows on hardwood floors.  Have long curtains that were blocking the vents.  These deflectors are ok, but in pulling the curtains open and closed, the deflectors EASILY move around and get knocked out of place because the magnets are not very strong at all.  I think these would work well on floor vents where nothing would come in contact with them to knock them.  Have not tried them on ceiling vents.
This Air deflector did not fit my heat registers, therefore it was not useful for me.  The item shipped fast, which was good.
This air deflector feels very sturdy and the magnets on either side hold it in place on the vent nicely.  It doesn't seem flimsy even when it's expanded most of the way.
junk, dont like
Was looking to replace old, cracked, discolored air deflectors.  These more than fit the bill.  The thickness of the plastic is greater than any I've ever used.  A little heavier too so may not kicked off the vent as easily as others I've used in the past.  Very happy!
This vent deflector works just like it is supposed to.  Made very well of surable  plastic.  Easilt adjusts to accommodate  most went sizes.
The product itself is working as described, but my vents are not. It turns out that in some new constructions the builders use plastic vents. I ended up gluing two washers on the vent and attaching the magnets of the deflector to the washer.
This item is pretty good, but could be a bit sturdier. Having dogs and cats, if they knock into these even slightly, they separate. Still a good purchase, though, for someone who has vents right against the wall. It directs the air into the room nicely.
I used these many years ago, I did not have forced hot air until I moved, these work the best.
I bought this as a gift for my Parents summer home, (among other gifts for Christmas). This won't be used for many months, but I can see by the construction that it's a better product than what they currently use.
Shipping was the fastest I've ever had for any Amazon product.  Ordered Tuesday, got it on Thursday (two days).  That's with the cheapest shipping option.  Does the job.  Seems sturdy.  However, it does have over 10 scratches and some oily finger marks on it.  I had to look back at the description of the product to see if I accidently bought a used product.  Nope, I bought "new".  Could have at least hit it with Windex before shipping.  You can only see the scratch marks if you get close to it.Will not even waste time sending it back as it's under $10 and it's in an area that will not be seen.  Disinfected my hands after I installed it.Pros:-Fastest shipping ever-Seems very sturdy-Does the jobCons:-Used-Scratches-Oily finger marks
I love these and was surprised to find them on Amazon.com - I remember them from my childhood in Montana. Now that I am in Maine, and live in a historic home, they are once again VERY useful. My pup notices the difference too and strategically lies with three of them hitting her on three sides.
We have a heater outlet located underneath a buffet in the kitchen.  This little unit fits right over it and directs the heat right into the room.
This air deflector was installed beneath our chest of drawers in the bedroom and is successful at getting the air stream into the main bedroom more quickly. The fact that it can be expanded to cover our 12&#34; wide vents is a plus.
I just needed something to direct air so when my drapes were close it didn't shoot warm air behind the drapes completely defeating the purpose of closing the drapes.  it works just fine for that.  I'm not entirely sure if it's claims that it's &#34;unbreakable&#34; are true, but I'm not going to try and destroy it to find out.  so far it has held up fine, but it is not in a high traffic area.  I'm not certain of it's stability if it were to be stepped on.  Overall if I needed another for somewhere else in the house I would probably get another one.
This product really directs the warm air into the room instead of along the window.  It doesn't have to be expensive in order to work well.
This is a basic air deflector for standard size vents. Unbreakable? Hardly. However, it's less brittle than other deflectors on the market, and the magnets hold it in place well.
Doesn't fit right; magnets do not adhere to the metal vent only the screws, so it looks very dumb sitting up there on the ceiling.  Bad purchase, but not worth the money to return it.
I bought five of these for my five ac/heater vents.  They are twelve feet up (I have fifteen foot ceilings) and my cement and brick loft is very cold in winter (even though I live in the southwest).  My vents appear to me to be standard sized, but this product is at least three inches too short, even when fully extended.  Also, the magnets do not stick to my vents at all.  Maybe the paint is too thick or maybe they are not really metal, so that may not be a fault in this product.  But the adjustable size is a misnomer because the adjustment range is very limited.  For many homes these will be too small.  Do NOT order them without measuring the width first and without testing your vent with a regular magnet to see if it sticks.
Just received the air/heat deflector.  It does the job just fine.  Has not been stepped on yet so I can't comment on the &#34;unbreakable&#34; aspect.  Contrary to other reviews, this product is made in China, not the USA.
These deflectors work great.  Good price.  Recommend them to direct air away from going up the wall and into the room.
I have a metal ceiling vent that is positioned so that it blows directly on me when I am sitting at my desk. This vent redirected the air and solved my problem. I had no problem mounting it. The magnets seem plenty strong.
Great Product; it is sturdy, effective, and the magnets hold it to the register/vent. Wish I had purchased this years ago.
These are great, I purchased them to put on the heat run under my computer desk. I had been keeping the heat run closed because it was far too warm under the computer desk, wasn't sure this was optimal with all the equipment under there.. This deflector solves the problem, pushes the hot air out so that I have toasty toes, but it is not too hot for the equipment. Great solution, reasonable price.
This product did a great job of balancing the temperatures throughout my home by correcting the direction of the air flow. The magnets are super strong and the materials super clear.
My problem has been the vents in my bedroom which are located in the ceiling and the output blows directly down on the bed. This tends to disturb my sleep and this deflector has been a helpful item. Easy to install, I have left mine in place throughout the year and it has not fallen down once or come loose nor does it make any noise while the central unit is running. Also once in place the clear plastic doesn't stand out. At times I forget its there.
These should be everywhere to buy.  It puts the air or heat into the room, not up the wall or off to the side.  What a difference it has made with the AC.  We are actually turning down the AC as it is too cold.  Great product.
I was much better off spending a couple of extra bucks.  Magnets on both sides of the product have been a step above the other two models I had with no magnets or one magnet.  Stays in place well.  I haven't stepped on it yet but it seems very sturdy.
These are nice to use to keep the heat from going up into the curtains instead. They are easy to clean.
It works. Nothing special about the product. The quality isn't great or bad. I have it hanging from a ceiling vent and the magnet holds it up fine. It was a bit smaller than I expected, but it still works fine for directing the air away from my face at night. I would probably buy it again given the option although it is slightly overpriced.
As described and as expected. I bought this to replace an old one where the plastic track and broken off - requiring me to tape it together. This one seems to be identical to that one in terms of quality so I will be very careful not to ever step on it! The magnet hold it in place very well so I am very happy with it.
I bought this product based on the high number of excellent reviews and must say I was highly disappointed.The magnets worked fine and I was able to stick it onto my heating vent panels with no problem.The problem came when I checked after a day of use and the plastic had melted and warped... and I had to throw the thing out.Now granted the heat was on and cranked at a decent level but this is advertised for heating use.Don't buy this if you're planning to use it with heating systems.
My biggest concern was the magnets.  Don't be concerned, they are very strong, as mine are hanging from the ceiling vents, and still there.  Anyone can put them together, and the construction is great.  I don't understand anyone saying they are cheap.  Don't stomp on them, and you'll be fine!  Working great!
Does exactly what it is supposed to. The plastic is thick, but still feels a bit flimsy. but that aside it works great. I have a AC vent high up on the wall and the way the air was blowing it was straight into my face, giving me sore throats! I put this on, and not the air flows more downward, still keeps the room almost cooler honestly, but not blowing straight in my face anymore.It easy, you just adjust it to fit, and magnet it on there with the strong magnets and that's it. I had one years ago and I can attest to them keeping a room far warmer in winter by keeping the heat from rising as much also.For the price you can't beat it!
This is a very straightforward product comprising two pieces that easily slide together for adjustable fit. They use hard magnets rather than the flexible type, and have no problem sticking strongly to my vents. I haven't painted over my vents so I don't know how that would affect them, but I think they would be just fine. The price is very reasonable for what you get, which is a product that does exactly what it is supposed to do.After over 6 months of ownership, I can say these are pretty durable too.  I have one in a high traffic area that's been kicked dozens of times, and it hasn't been broken or scratched yet.
Not sure I would call them unbreakable but I have not broken one yet.  Easy to adjust to proper width, should fit most standard air outlets.  Magnets are strong enough to hold the deflector firmly.
Haven't used these for several years so they do feel flimsier than the old ones that lasted 25 years.  Doubt these could do that, but they stay up there with magnets & haven't fallen this first week:)
This item was received as expected.  It was a bit more flimsy than I would prefer, but it does the job.
These are really great to use on the vents.  Help to redirect the airflow very well.  Recommend for anyone that needs this type of deflector
this is an air deflector which stops cold air from being aimed at you and so you can deflect it elsewhere.  What I did like about it was that it was adjustable from 10&#8221; to 14&#8221;. I am not sure about the magnetic hold I am convinced that is not as solid as a sliding one; however, I have not had any problems with it so far. I must say it says it is unbreakable plastic and they are right, seriously I tried! It is really sturdy and reliable.I have had this deflector for 6 months now and I must say it is pretty durable. Where my vent is it can bet based but it has survived and not failed once.
I have one in my living room, so now my shoulder doesn't get frozen when I'm reading in my recliner. I have one under my bed, but it is a little too short, so I'll be replacing it with an extended one. This one, however, will be going into my guest room under the sewing machine.
worked great for my vents.  some are covered by furniture so this helped to direct airflow under furniture instead of being "trapped"
It directs air, and is easily adjusted. But, it is not even close to unbreakable. None of them are, though.
I live in an apartment with ceiling vents and these deflectors really help spread the air around. Very strong magnets, so they won't fall off unless really pulled on. Great product, great buy! :-)
We have an upward shooting heating AC unit and were frustrated with how it shot the air upwards rather than towards us in bed. This product immediately helps to guide air forwards rather than up. I feel we saved a lot of money turning the AC down as it has more of a direct contact with us in bed now. Magnets are a nice touch, clings well to our metal AC grill.
They attach to the vents with magnets, which is not an issue because I did not want something permanent but after a day of being on the vents both that I have purchased have fallen. I will be returning these and buying a different brand.
I don't understand why they don't just make heat registers that direct the flow of air into the room or that are adjustable, but that appears to be the way things are. I'm convinced this is the next best thing. It's cheap and durable. If you happen to kick it off the vent, you just put it back on. And it works!
works perfectly
Bought these to prevent air from going directly up into the curtains & they are doing the job. The magnets are a bit stronger than I had expected. Have not tested the "unbreakable" claim.
This air deflector works as it should. It is easy to snap into place over your vent cover--you only need to pay attention that you position its magnets clear of the screws on the side of the vent cover to secure it into place.I have two criticisms: One, for the cheapness of the material it should cost less than the $9.99 I paid for it. Two, it should have larger, stronger magnets. Neither of these factors make it unaffordable to me or less than functional, so it's a good, properly functioning product. Just not a 5-star one. Overall, I'm satisfied with this product.
While I scoff at the term &#34;unbreakable,&#34; it didn't matter to me as I put this on the ceiling to deflect the air blowing directly on my face while I sleep. I just hope the magnets hold up and I don't awaken to this falling on my face. It deflects air well and doesn't look as white trash as the pinned up wash towel I originally had up there. Def recommend.
These little adapters are expensive for what they are but the do what is expected. The magnets are strong enough to prevent movement on a floor vent. I do not have ceiling vents to test them on. The plastic is sufficiently stiff but would not withstand and accidental foot step.
Yep, not much to say - magnets are strong enough to stay on the ceiling vents and directs the air off our faces while we sleep.  Adjustable to most standard home vents.
One of the deflectors I received was damaged. I didn't even advise the sender.........they sent me an E-Mail asking how things were. I advised them of the one that was damaged and they sent one out to me immediately.
These are quality air deflectors. Magnets are not death grip strong but they kept the deflector on you metal floor vents,until someone kicks it, as people will from time to time kick vents that some builder placed in a foot traffic area.
Opening or closing curtains will brush the air deflector enough tomove it and cause it to be non-functional or partially block register air flow.It needs STRONGER MAGNETS!
This deflector works but keeps falling off the wall.  The magnets are not strong enough to hold on well.  It doesn't cover most of the vent like I thought it would.
This is a nice sturdy product and I will be buying more for my house.  You don't even know that it is there.
The magnets are ineffective, the adjustable part allows airflow through it. This may be ok to sit on the floor in an out of the way spot, anything more look elsewhere.
I use these on floor vents to redirect the air flow across the room instead of straight up the wall. The magnets grabbed the vent covers fairly securely although my cat likes to stick it's head under and pops it loose occasionally.  They easily slide in or out to adjust the fit. I have accidentally shoved a sofa against one pretty hard and I just had to reset it in place. No damage.  they made a noticeable difference in the coolness of the rooms I use them in because the air conditioning no longer flows up the window and behind the curtain. Nice.
Does not break when kicked or bumped into.  I would purchase more.  This is the one to purchase when needed.
We purchased these to avoid buying pricier vents for our central air system upstairs.  The vents are on the ceiling and they deflect well.  One downside is that we will be having to take them down each year to clean them.  They get a bit of dirt and dust buildup on them and since they are clear, it really shows.
This fits our vent cover perfectly, the adjustable size works easily and the magnets hold it in place.The air is redirected right towards my feet - just like i wanted.I just don't believe it's unbreakable!  I'm not going to step on it to test that, but it really doesn't seem THAT solid.  Mine is in a spot it wouldn't get stepped on, but if you really need unbreakable - I wouldn't trust that aspect.So I'm taking away a star for having that in the name.
This air deflector was exactly what we were looking for, and we were happy to find it!  It is positioned on a ceiling vent and holds well.
Works just fine for what we needed it for.  Our sectional couch covers one of our floor vents, and this allows the air to blow out from under the front of the couch instead of onto the bottom of it.
Not a lot to say on this one - it works as advertised and deflects the air from blowing directly on the baby's crib.  A whole lot easier to install and cheaper than relocating the air vent.Pros:Sticks to the vent with built in magnetsResizable to fit any sized ventInexpensiveConsnone?
I purchased two of these to re-route/deflect the air from the vent in my office.  They work like a charm!!!  I don't have to worry about papers flying off my desk when the air kicks on!
These cost more to buy and less to use.I used the other ones and when they broke I upgraded.Now they may need to be relocated, due to being hit yet they do not break.Buy these first and save time and money.
The deflector does what it is suppose to do but we placed it under our table to keep from freezing while trying to eat. it takes very lil to knock it off the vent because the magnets are not very strong and comes apart easliy
Work as promised to deflect the heat from going up into curtain and window. Now my wife can stop pinning the curtains up.
My kids can't even put a scratch on these....works well on both ceiling and floors...One of the magnets are in a way with handle for the ceiling....but it works in angle....stay up there...Need to buy more..
Exactly what I was looking forward to. The vent is on the ceiling and is coated in about 4 layers of paint. This device sits securely on the vent and with the way it's designed should not shatter if it fell from it's 10 foot height to concrete. I made sure to clean the vent first. I have implemented it on the vent above the thermostat's temperature sensor and now the HVAC system has better control, cooing when it needs to rather than whenever a wave of heat passes by the sensor, making the rest of the building have a 5 degree difference because air shoots at the ceiling and the thermostat never shuts off. Now that it aims down at the floor in the middle of the structure next to the sensor I can hear the energy bill getting smaller already as well as customers because the system isn't running all the time.
But not as sturdy as advertised and I've had to scotch them in the middle to keep them rigid .
This item was just what I was looking for.  It works well to divert the air into the room and away from the wall.
These are the best and were the cheapest I found anywhere on the web. They work great, will be buying more because the first 2 I bought have done a terrific job, BIG PLUS ---------MADE IN THE USA!!!!!!
Love the air deflector.  Works great for those vents under curtains and close to the wall.  Diverts air out into the room.
This is a simple item really, but well designed and sturdy.  The plastic feels pretty tough, and the magnets are strong enough that this would work on a (metal) ceiling vent.  My house, like many houses, has vents that are located directly under windows, meaning I heat and cool behind the curtains when they are closed.  This little gem solves that problem and looks decent doing it.
I have one vent that sits right under the edge of my couch.  This keeps the air from just warming or cooling the bottom of my couch.  The magnets hold it just fine and the plastic was easy to adjust to the size I needed.
Adjusts fine, magnet holds well to heat vent, haven't tried to break it so I assume it will last as anticipated.  Has helped warm up our family room by redirecting air flow below couch instead of up and away from the center of the room.
I purchased 2 of these air deflectors. 1 for our bedroom for the annoying vent placed right over our bed. 1 for a ceiling vent over the baby's crib. They do the job well by deflecting air out into the room. I've actually noticed better air flow the past couple weeks and I've woken up feeling better without the air pumping on my face all night. I thought they would look stupid on the ceiling but I don't even notice them unless I specifically look up at the ceiling right at the vent.UPDATE: 11/30/2012After having these on the ceiling vents for a few months, I can honestly say that I don't every notice them. And we've had several people in those rooms that never even looked up and noticed them either. So they do the job well and they do it invisibly. Perfect!If you appreciated this information, please let me know!
It's not the highest quality, but it does exactly what I expected it to do.  The vent I placed it on is one on the ceiling and the magnets are strong enough to have kept it in place since I bought this about 6 months ago.  The vent itself has screws that aren't flush so I couldn't fit this over it perfectly; it's slightly at an angle to go around the screw heads but it still works exactly as expected.It's not the best materials and it looks a little cheap, but after 6 months of doing exactly what I wanted it to do, I'm going to consider this a very well-worth-it purchase.
actually did not work because I was not aware that A/C covers at home are plastic. Trying to figure out a way to install it
Inexpensive little piece of plastic that does the trick.  It diverts the air - and that's all.
So glad I found these. Had them years ago and have misplace or broken a few in our move.These are just what we needed and were nice to share with my aging mother as well.
I bought this air deflector to go under my couch so that heat and air is not just shot directly into the underside of the couch but out the front instead.  Upon putting the vent in place and moving my couch back in place I did not have any issues with the deflector moving at all. While my deflector is not in a spot where there is a lot of foot traffic or where it is prone to abuse, it is made of very sturdy plastic and would definitely take a beating before breaking. I was very impressed with the quality of the material used for the price, I believe it is a great value for the money.
Just like advertised. Directs air into the central part of the room, seems to keep the heating more even. Would recommend.
We have two of these in our house for vents under a couch and under a dresser.  They make such a huge difference.  Our AC/heater runs less often and we save $$$ each month.  They are fairly sturdy and I would highly recommend.
Yes, it could be a little more solid, maybe it would be better if it snapped into place rather than sliding into place but it does a great job at redirecting the air. It is inconspicuous, too. You can always glue it so it doesn't come apart but that doesn't bother me. I wish I would have known about these sooner. My vents were just blowing the air up the curtains and not into the room but now, it blows it right into the room and I've noticed that my a/c and heat doesn't run nearly as long since it isn't being wasted on cooling or heating the space between the window and curtains. Awesome!
We have been looking for a vent reflector or cover for our ceiling vent for 2 yrs. I've tried everything from plastic to magnetic covers. This is not made for ceiling vents
This Air Deflector is well designed and well made. The magnets are strong; it stays in place even though I put it on a ceiling vent. I am pleased with how easy it is to re-size. It is so nice to get a product that performs above my expectations.  I think the person that posted the picture of the &#34;melted&#34; deflector actually motivated me to buy it because it was so phony that I suspected a crackpot had done it, and now I KNOW so!
I purchased five of the Model 50 Premium Unbreakable Air Deflector.  I have noticed more effective heating of each room where the deflector is located.  I have not stepped on the item so I cannot attest to whether or not it is unbreakable.  I would like to note that I utlized it on a ceiling vent and the room is now noticeably warmer (the air was previously being forced in the direction of a window as opposed to the room).
We bought this product to deflect air above our bed. Unfortunately, the magnets on it didn't allow the deflector to stay. And we had a deflector falling in our faces while we were sleeping.  Don't buy it if you're going to use this it on the ceiling.
After removing the deflector from the box and sticking to the vents on our ceiling 1.5 years ago, haven't thought about them since.  Simple and effective.
Exactly what I was looking for to use on floor register
registers located under windows blew cooled air directly into the curtains and behind the curtains. with the deflector, all the air now goes directly into the room and there is a noticeable differerence in how quickly the room is cooled compared to before. the plastic is quite sturdy (although not weightbearing of course) and the adjustable size is great and easy to place. the magnets are strong and holds the deflector in place. you can't vacuum around it without moving it of course. because it is clear, you barely even notice that they are there
My hot air heat vents blew heat on my windows.  The deflectors give you heat where you want it.  Nice and Strong.
We purchased two of these units to deflect air inward on ground registers near large windows.  They are working admirably for this purpose.  The magnets are strong enough to hold them tightly and would likely be sufficient to do so when drawing light curtains over them.  Heavy drapes might prove to be a different story.  I would not call these unbreakable by any means as a foot would surely crack them.  However, absent such weight, there is no reason that they will not last.  Be warned, however, if you need them in a high-traffic area.  Finally, we have seen no evidence of melting, as others have experienced.  I would imagine that if you don't have them near your furnace, that they will do fine in the long term in this regard.
I used this to redirect our window aircon which is directly infront of the dining table, making 2 seats uncomfortable for guests. I stuck velcro tape on this vent and the aircon to attach it, but still have the option to remove it. It's the best thing ever. My friends have been asking me where i found them!
We have purchased these in two different houses and we are currently using two of these on vents that have curtains that almost reach the floor near the vent and the deflectors push the air into the room instead of behind the curtains. Great price too!
Works great. My bedroom during the summer is hotter than the current residence of JoePa. This baby keeps my room noticeably cooler.
Got this deflector for my grandma, as she had her bed next to the heating vent and didnt like when air was blowing on her. This unit solved the problem...
The structure seems sturdy, but the magnets are very small and weak.  It would not stick to my vent at all, so I sent it back immediately.  Don't waste your time or money.
Would recommend - strong magnets to keep in place ,my little dog adore it ,because she can almost fit under without pushing out and so far my 3 grandkids didn't destroyed -so I would say its hold pretty good .Reflect very well.
Magnets that hold this device to the air vent are so weak that it slids off onto the floor constantly.
I have tried a few of these from amazon - different shapes/sizes/models. I like this one the best. The model 50 is the smallest, shortest, and most compact of the bunch I've tried. More sleek and doesn't stand out, which i like. I use it on the floor, but the magnets seems strong enough for ceiling registers. This really keeps the air close to the floor though. Thinking to try another one that deflects air up at angle and away. I think it would still work at keeping the air from blowing up my curtains / drapes just like this model 50 does.
These are great.  They do break if stepped on, but if I am working in that area, I simply remove them.  Easy to clean with soap and water.
Product is exactly as per what is advertised. I like the way it can be attached only with its magnets, which allows it to be aligned any which way you may want.
I needed something to divert my air and I bought one of these before and it worked like a charm. Love the magnets
After reading the slew of bad reviews this product has received I was apprehensive to buy one. Since the price was not too bad I decided to give one a shot.Upon receiving the deflector I attempted to test the magnetic strength as that was one of the largely disputed items. I was able easily and securely adhere the vent deflector to my refrigerator. The magnets held the deflector firmly in place sideways without sign of sliding.The vent deflector ultimately went on a ceiling vent. My vents are all painted so I was a little concerned but it did not appear to be an issue as the deflector has been firmly attached to the vent for a few weeks now. There are also screw holes pre drilled in the plastic to allow the deflector to be screwed to the vent for extra security. I did not feel the need to do so.It has been a fairly cold winter thus far and my deflector shows no signs of warping. I have checked it a few times to be sure but there are not any signs of the plastic deforming due to the heat coming from the vent. So far it is doing its job and deflecting the air where I want it.Another nice feature I like is the adjustable sizing. It easily resizes to meet the dimensions of the vent used. Overall I feel as if this was a good purchase for the money. I do not understand the other reviews claiming the magnets do not work. In the event the vent material does not allow the magnets to properly stick there are screw holes for such a contingency. As for warping it may be due to a change in materials used or certain households having a very aggressive HVAC system. I think their claim of &#8220;unbreakable&#8221; is a little overzealous but overall they work well.
These air reflectors are very useful and I wish I had ordered more in the beginning.  The only issue I've had is that the clear plastic does make them virtually invisible and thus my family occasionally kicks them out of place--Just the ones positioned under our front shutters that we open & close daily, and the reflector right next to the kitchen table.  However, so far they are unbreakable and it is simple to put them back in place!
These things work exactly as advertised.  I even use one on a ceiling vent.  The magnets are powerful.  I will be buying a few more to place around my house.
I sit at my computer and the a/c vent is under desk.  Bought deflector to keep air from freezing me out. Deflects well. Simple but great.
We bought 2 of these to prevent the heat coming out of the ceiling-mounted registers from hitting our faces ss night. I was worried that the magnets may not be strong enough. My worries were unfounded, as the magnets are very strong. No complaints.
This worked well in the winter when I needed to redirect the heat. Haven't tested it with the A/C. It sticks fine to my metal vents in the ceiling. They seem pretty secure to me.The design is a bit off. When you expand it, there is a little sag in the center back that allows some air to escape. However, most of the air flow does get redirected. I could tell the difference as my vents are near the windows and I felt the areas where the heat was pointed were warmer.
I priced similar items at big box stores and didn't find anything this well made... and under ten bucks at that!This is exactly what we wanted.It's very well made of sturdy, crystal clear plastic.Just IGnore the picture of the one that supposedly melted ... my gosh, after seeing the product in person I cannot imagine how much heat must be coming out of that guy's heat system to melt this thing.  I do not think it is made for direct application to space heaters!  It is perfect for forced air floor or ceiling vents.The magnets are like Goldilocks strong, just right and not so much it falls or too much that you have to tug hard to get it off the vent.Shipped right on time (Prime!) and was even delivered on a Sunday!  Yeah, a Sunday.Application:  11-1/2 inch floor vent.Great product.
Bought two of these, one for a vent under an armoire and another for a ceiling vent that was blowing on my kids bed. They work great and get the air into the center of the room.
I use these near windows etc.  I like these but one did crack.  I am not sure if someone stepped on it or what.
Works as described. Nice that it is adjustable, has not broken for cracked on us after 6 months of use.
I bought two of these to deflect the air in my kids' rooms: The vent system isn't very strong in their rooms so I wanted something to direct the air into their rooms in the hopes that it would cool/heat it more efficiently. We've had it for about 3 weeks and I think it does help to better cool things off.
works great to direct heat in the area accross the floor  not up in the air.  Nice product and would recommond
This product does not do even the simplest function in its name. I placed the Model 50 "Unbreakable" Air Deflector on my wall heat register last night. When I woke up this morning, the plastic had melted (see my picture of it in the Customer Pictures), and the heater had not been running for several hours.  If this product cannot even stand normal heating, it is completely useless to me. Fortunately Amazon will refund it and pay for return shipping, so 5 stars for their customer service on this incident.  I would highly recommend against purchasing this item and attempting to use it on a heat register.
So first things first, some reviews have stated this product is Made in the USA, it is definitely Made in China.  That's not really an issue for me because it seems to be pretty sturdy and of high quality.  I bought two of these to use for two ceiling registers so the air would better flow in the room.  The magnets work great and the air deflector does exactly what it needs to do.
These are plastic of course but what a great idea and I have them all over my house. They help the air flow out into the room and not under the drapes.
The air vent in our bedroom is overhead and to the left of the bed.  The hot air from the heater would wake me up during the night.  My husband got on Amazon and researched an air diffuser and decided on this unit.  It works great, can't even feel the air from the vent now.  Magnets hold it to the vent, so there is no installation.  Winning product!!
Bought these to direct air from ceiling vents towards middle of the room instead of at cold windows. They work very well.
We have a forced hot air heating vent on the ceiling  right over the head of our bed.  We turn the heat down at night, but it is set to come back up before we wake up.... so we used to wake to dry throats and sinuses all winter.  This simple gadget not only solved the problem, but it seems like the heat is better distributed in the room  as well.  Love when inexpensive things work.
It has definitely help warm rooms by directing the air. I am not worried about them breaking ether! The hold to the metal vents really well!
These are made of cheap plastic with cheap magnets.  When I placed it onto the vent with the magnet it fell off and got all scratched up.  Avoid these and look for something with better quality.
Excellent product.  Almost impossible to break.  Easy to remove when cleaning floor.  Strong magnet.  Have them on all registers throughout house.
This is really shoddy quality. We put it on the ceiling so it won't get abused but I would look for something else if its going to get much use at all.
The magnets are plenty strong. I've had no problems with the deflectors coming off of ceiling vents. Simple, effective, and cheap! These can make a huge difference in the airflow in a room.
Mounted to ceiling register easily, seems strong enough.  Deflects air from blowing directly onto the bed.  Does what it is supposed to do very well.
We bought this to deflect the air from a floor vent into the room.  Prior to putting this in, the air was blowing straight up into a curtain and the room was not staying warm.  Now all is well.  I don't know about &#34;unbreakable,&#34; but it seems to be built well.  It's actually two pieces that just slide together and stay together by being stuck to the vent with a magnet... the magnet is sufficient to hold it on just fine.
Item arrived as described and in excellent condition. It was easy to install and does the job, we use it in our nursery to deflect air from under the dresser
This deflector does come apart easily when you bump it if it is extended all the way, but that being said, my three kids under 8 years old and a cat have not broken it and the magnets are sufficient for keeping it in place.  My vent is on the floor in our toy room.  It does the job!  Highly recommended!
We moved into a new home and an AC vent allows cold AC air to blow directly onto the bed in the MBR. Husband put up a cardboard deflector that worked, but looked like, well.. a cardboard deflector. I found this and it works perfectly. The magnets are strong and one can barely see the clear plexiglass. Problem solved. We highly recommend this inexpensive great looking solution
These are great.  My heat vents are right under my curtains, so when my lovely heat blows out, it goes right up into my curtains.  These deflect the heat right into the room. As it does rise, I'm not loosing heat and dollars into my curtains.  Their clear color makes them practically invisible in the room.  Love them!
I purchased this item to redirect the air from blowing directly on my son.  So far they work as described and I have no complaints.  For the price, they do what I need them to do.
It fit right under the cart that was blocking a vent. Deflects the warm air out into to the room. It is a little flimsy but we have another that has been in a busy hallway for several years and is not broken yet. Love that it adjusts to the length of the vent.
While these did seem a bit flimsy at first.  They have been working very well on my wall vents, doing what I wanted them to do.  I wanted them to re-direct the air to a different part of the room.  Successful.
I love the magnets on these and they are sticking to my registers well and directing air, keeping my curtains from blowing up into the air. Love them.
Purchased this deflector since one of our vents is pointing at the thermostat in our house and the thermostat gets warmer (or cooler) faster than the rest of the room causing my wife to increase the temperature in the winter (and me to decrease the t-stat temp in the summer) on the t-stat to get the room comfortable. Now the air is deflected away from the t-stat allowing the room to heat more evenly. I haven't tested it in the summer but it should be fine. Item has two strong magnets that easily hold the item on the ceiling vent. It's adjustable enough for a perfect fit for our standard sized vent. Exactly what we needed and I could not find one locally. For the price, this was perfect.
These are easy to clean, the magnets hold them in place (don't move much when cats/kids bump into them) and directing the flow of heat/cold air toward a seating area (rather than blast straight up from the floor) makes rooms more comfortable.
I only gave this 4 stars because even though it has magnetic pieces on it to help keep it on the vent, it still doesn't stop  my toddlers from taking it off of it. i would like it more if it could actually be secured to the vent. Otherwise it's durable and does what it's supposed to.
I'm using this on a bedroom ceiling to divert the air away from the bed and it works great. The magnets are strong enough so it stays connected to the metal vent and I'm not being hit in the head by cold air at night.
This is great. The ceiling vent in my room is right above my bed and blows to me when I am sleeping, which makes me very uncomfortable. Glad I found this. I have been using it on the vent since July. It sticks to the vent tightly, and I also use some tape just in case. It never falls off, and does quite a good job for turning the direction of the air. Good product!
This was so easy to put on (just set it over your vent and the magnets hold it in place). Holds up just fine. Not sure how the other person melted theirs (that had to have been some pretty hot heat coming out of that vent so I hope they don't stand near it when it's on).
The deflector does a good job navigating the air in the direction desired and the magnets reliably hold it in place on a vertical vent in a wall. I am happy with the product, happy enough to order another one!
These are two to three times the thickness of the ones I bought at HD. I drilled a hole in the deflector, and a hole in the floor vent, and used a strong zip tie to attach these to the vents, and they are like metal. They're halfway under the side of our couch, and I have kicked and stepped on them multiple times as I reach behind the couch to close the curtain every night, and they don't budge, let alone crack or break.Highly recommended.
I purchased this product for my parents to use on a ceiling vent.  They were pleased with the product overall.  It was sturdy, easy to install, and serves the purpose of the purchase.  They said the magnet held on well also.
After reading some of these reviews I was a little skeptical about the quality and whether or not it would work well for our new home. I ordered 3 of them at once and I have been so happy with them so far! I'm about to order two more. The magnets are much stronger than some of these reviews led on, and they don't move out of place very easily (I have a toddler running around). I can actually feel the air flow now instead of it going behind our curtains. I wouldn't consider them &#34;unbreakable&#34;, but they are very sturdy and everything I've been looking for. It fits to size your air vent, which is great. I'm very happy with this product.
My sofa is directly over one of the 3 vents on my main floor. Instead of keeping that vent closed, I got one of these deflectors to push the air out from underneath the sofa and into the room. So far it's working well, but I've only had it for a couple weeks.I also have a deflector hanging on a wall vent in a hallway to direct the cold air down. It seems to be working well even though the vent on the wall is painted. The vent has only been painted once so that might have something to do with it.So far these deflectors are working well and are doing exactly what they are supposed to do.
This is good for a ceiling vent but probably not for a floor vent.  It's very flimsy but holds to the ceiling vent well.  Since it won't ever be touched up there, it works great!  But if it was on the floor and could be bumped, I don't think it would hold up well.  Overall, we're very pleased.  Fine product for the price.
redirects the air from the vent.  very easy to attach and does exactly what i needed.  this is the second one i have bought.
I bought two of these, one for the vent near my patio door and one for the master bedroom. They work as expected. The magnets are good quality and I don't worry that the one in the mater bed will fall on me while I sleep. I would purchase again!
The perfect product for my needs. The packageing was good, no damage. I wish that all products that are shipped were packaged as lwell as these.
Easy to use and able to angle it in any direction easily.  Used it on vent under my Christmas tree to deflect warm air.
We just needed something easy to install in a rental.  Magnets are strong.  Plastic is solid.  Works great.  I like that they are reversible.
I bought this to put on a vent that is in the ceiling of our spare bedroom.  The magnet seems very strong.  I am not worried about it falling down.  Nice simple product.  Works exactly as I expected.
These have a great strong magnet on each side, so when you put it on the grill it is going to stay there. Still wouldn't trust it to be stepped on, but it will keep the air flowing from under furniture and away from electronics great.
THESE DEFLECTORS FALL OFF THE VENT  THEY DO NOT STAY ONCE YOU PLACE THEM THERE.  WHAT DO YOU HAVE THAT WILL KEEP THESE DEFECTORS IN PLACE AND COVER THE VENT AS SPECIFIED?
These are exactly what I was looking for!!  I have seen cheaper ones, this one is very good, the only thing I would inprove is the magnetic, it needs to be stronger, otherwise it does what it say's, directs the air flow.
This vent deflector is made of very heavy duty plastic, much thicker than other deflectors I had purchased at some home improvement stores.  Very happy with this item.
I put this over the ceiling vent in my bedroom and it does the job. The magnets seemed stronger than those on the one I put in my living room, purchased locally. My vents size required this deflector to be pulled out to it's max length which put it right on the edge of not holding together but it does and it does the job. It has been up there for several day's now and I expect no problems from it.
Five stars for price and for doing exactly what it is supposed to do.  It also seems to be unbreakable in that it survived shipping.  Amazon didn't pack the box very well; I guess taking the manufacturer at its word and the claim that it is unbreakable.  I purchased two of these, both of which came in boxes that were utterly smashed up by heavier items in the box.  Both arrived unscathed anyway, although with one, the two halves had come apart.  It slid back together easily, so no big deal.I am using these on standard HVAC registers in our new house.  In two places we ended up needing to place furniture over top of a register.  We wanted something to direct the airflow out from under the furniture instead of blowing air into the bottom of it.  These do that well, and the magnets have held them in place.  Just slide the sides apart to the width you need and set them down.  Done.  I would recommend them, and will buy more if we rearrange things and need to cover other registers.
My wife likes to run the a/c all day and all night during the hot months here in Southern Cal.  The trouble is that my side of the bed is closest to the air vent.  When the a/c comes on at night, I freeze and it feels like I'm in a wind tunnel!  This air deflector pushes the wind towards the wall and not onto me!  I think it may have saved our marriage!
As other reviewers have noted, this is a great deflector, does the job well, strong magnets keep it in place and it has strong, sturdy construction.  I don't know if I'd test out the "Unbreakable" guarantee on the box, but it definitely does the job and is ready to go straight out of the box.If you are trying to decide (like I was) between this one and the $1.50 cheaperDeflect-O 99 Plastic Magnetic Air Deflector, please just go with this one.  I couldn't tell what the difference was so I ordered both out of curiosity.  Well this one is Made in the USA of much thicker plastic with sturdier construction--the other one is made in China and is quite flimsy and has a hard time staying together when extended beyond 10".  Don't waste your $$ on the other one--stick with this one, Made in the USA and will last much longer for only a buck fifty or so more.
Are these things cheap and simple? Yes.  Do they do exactly what you are looking for? Yes.We had two air vents in our bedroom that were in the ceiling and blowing right down on the bed.  We bought these things to just divert the air away from us while we were sleeping, and they do that perfectly.  Well worth the cheap cost!
Not much to say about this unit other than it broke and there was not very much pressure applied when that happened.
Those air deflector are really a smart idea. It helps air to flow in direction that yoy want too. I hightly recommend this item!
Hard to put up. Had to duct tape the two halves together. Promptly fell off within first night of use. Terrible packaging too.
I ordered two models of Deflecto vents and both are outstanding.  Heavy duty plastic, large strong magnets on the side and they work perfectly.  Would recommend to anyone, especially since these are impossible to find locally, just try asking for one in your local home depot/lowes, they're never even heard of the product.
Junk. Magnet too weak to support the flimsy, easily broken, poorly molded plastic CHINESE deflector. Delivery was prompt.We have bought and used this brand and type of deflector before. It has been noticeable cheapened.
They are flimsy but you won't find anything else out there..  I've searched high and low. These products work well...we have them all over our house.  They are not meant to be chewed on by dogs, or jumped on by kids. They are meant to sit on your vent, period.  People complain of them breaking, but if used as intended, they do not break.
These  Are Great Air Deflectors...Strong Magnets...(I have them on ceiling air vents)...rounded corners...nicely shaped...slim lined,but not to much...when putting up I dropped one on tlie floor...it did not break.  VERY NICE PRODUCT...WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND
My vent is under a cabinet with 3 ft gap and a lot of the air was flowing to the cabinet. After I put it on the vent, a piece of cake, it has redirected the flow. Happy customer
I bought this to use on my heater vent in my daughters room.  She didn't like how it blew down on her at night.  Thing is, while it is just long enough, it was only half as wide as the vent.  I had to put it kind of angled to block the whole side that blew on her.  Otherwise it worked well.
Using on metal ceiling vents and they hold on just fine.
These covers do what they are suppose too.  Don't understand the one review where they said they don't stay on.  Well my husband put ours on and it lifted the whole grate out of the floor the magnets were so strong.  Very hard plastic, not like the last ones I bought years ago.  We put the clear plastic 2" tape in the center where the two parts meet and that helps keep it together and also seals it so no air can get through it. Don't hesitate to buy, these are great covers.
It took an extremely long time for the product to arrive, but these air deflectors are excellent.  I immediately noticed a major difference when trying to cool my high-ceiling condo.
There is a vent over our twin daughters' cribs that used to wake them up when the air kicked on.  We got this so that the air blows away from them and it works well.
I had a problem with my heater starting cold and blowing cold air in my face through out the night. This fixed the problem.
These make a big difference if you have central air.  So far I haven't had any problems with these slipping or breaking, and I've had them on the vents for about two months.
This is exactly what I wanted. It is held up by magnets, resizable, and deflects the air away from my face. This is the second one I've purchased. We've had the other one for over a year.
Got this as a gift for a lady that has a air register directly above her desk, so she would get chilled from the cold air blowing down on her. With air deflector the air rolled over her across the ceiling cooling the room evenly and comfortably, She loves it. An inexpensive purchase to make a wonderful lady comfortable.
We just moved into an older home with floor vents. One of them is conveniently located underneath my night stand. Although i do appreciate the warm t-shirts (that's what the bottom drawer houses) I'm not so keen on my electronics (top drawer essentials) getting all nice and hot. The vent is also conveniently located right next to my side of the bed where my head is, and i would constantly wake up with very dry mouth. We received this product yesterday so i cant attests to the longevity of it, but my drawers no longer heat up! The air is also pointed to go under the nightstand and not up the wall to my head. Very easy to install.The product came used and one of the magnets was a little broken, which kinda sucked (the box was repackaged so I'm guessing someone returned it)but still usable/functionable. I just ordered another one for the living room to protect our sofa from a stream of hot/cold air.
I have it placed on ceiling vents which use to blow the air directly into our couch.  The magnets are strong and I'm not afraid of the things falling down.I can't speak to the unbreakable claim having never accidentally stepped on my ceiling, but I'm 90% sure it will break...
I ordered two for a few vents downstairs that were pumping air into out curtains, and not into the center of the room, the room is now much cozier much faster.I have now ordered a third, I am going to apply this one to a ceiling vent.  I like that this deflector is clear, it really "becomes invisible" to the eye after awhile.Updated 4/15/2013 to say I still love these, the only thing to be aware of is my guests are always stepping on them!  If you apply one in a "traffic area", remove it before guests come over, lest the kick it down the hallway like an air hockey puck!
My vents are in the ceiling, and point towards the walls.. great thinking builders.. Anyways I purchased this unit to turn the direction of the vents towards the centers of the rooms, but I was concerned that it wouldn't be able to stick to the ceiling. That wasn't a problem at all the magnets are strong enough to keep it suspended from the ceilings, they've been up there for over six months and are still hanging just find. The only negative of these is that they are much smaller than I expected, measure your vents and make sure these fit!
It works great and I've been using it for years now.  Keep the car clean from litter.
I've used this one on a few 1000 mile road trips, and I'm fairly pleased.  It's easily reachable and not too difficult to blindly reach back and get the trash in there.  Construction seems decent, especially for the price.
Considering the low cost, this is the best value item I have purchased for our car. It keeps your car much tidier, and avoids things rolling around on the floor (which is basically where you'd have to put rubbish otherwise). Even if you only travel a bit, this thing will make your car cleaner.We hang the bag from our centre glovebox into the rear passenger area. It also has a velcro stick-on attachment but we've never used that.The elastic aperture at the top is the perfect design for keeping rubbish in but allowing you to push rubbish through without having to take your attention off the road.Plus it opens from the bottom very easily with a rolled-up velcro flap. I'm also amazed at how much rubbish it fits. I often push more and more rubbish into it from the top and I've never had the bottom velcro flap open up from the pressure.All in all, very impressed!
We just returned from a long road trip and used one bag at the console attached with the velcro option. The other bag we hung from the driver's head restraint toward the back seat. It was reachable by the passenger. We were able to place 2 empty water bottles and kleenex, etc in them. They were easily emptied. Ours were black, and I would suggest another color for the console. At night it was hard to see the bag while driving. A white or cream bag would be easier to see.The only down side was that the Amazon charge for shipping was doubled and equaled the cost of the bags. Amazon was contacted and advised us to get a refund from the company. The company said that they would do that - by phone- but it was never refunded. It made me a bit cautious to order through Amazon for items that could be purchased directly from the company at the shipping price the company lists.
I have had these before.  I got another car, and had to be sure I got another Case Logic Mobile Trash Bag.  They hold alot before you have to empty them, and they are so easy to empty.  You can just bring a grocery bag to it, unvelcro the bottom, and empty it in seconds.  It is easy to place them in your car in a place that is handy to access.  Not much more to say, best car trash bag ever!
It works pretty well.  I have no complaints. I like that the top has elastic that keeps the opening closed--helps to keep stuff inside when I'm driving like a maniac. The strap that you used to attach it is adjustable which is really nice and convenient. I keep mine tightly strung up against the back of the passenger chair always in reach and super convenient. All in all a solid product.
I used to just put all of my receipts and junk in a bag that I would throw out weekly. This trash bag is sweet, I hang it over the passenger side head rest and it holds plenty of receipts! Looks kinda cool too :)
I bought 2 of these at Target maybe 5 years ago and they've held up so well!  I have no need to replace them, but am actually ordering 2 more, 1 for the back seat of each car.  My kids always try to hand trash to me while I'm driving so I'm going to hang them from the back of the passenger seat.  The original 2 I bought each hang from the shifters in our cars and this has always worked well...easy reach for the driver or passenger and really doesn't get in the way.
Love this litter bag for my car...but it took me weeks to find another one for our new car....after shopping at all the auto parts stores...I found them at office depot...yeah!!
I ordered this car trash bag because my fiance loves to leave paper, receipts, wrappers, etc. all over our cars. I currently own one of these and it is in our one car, so I'm buying this for the other car now! They are amazing! Easy to clean, just wipe off with a wet cloth, not too bulky, but large enough for most small pieces of trash that would otherwise end up left lying around in the car, easy to empty, with a velcro strip at the bottom that easily attaches and detaches for convenient and effortless emptying, and cheap none-the-less. FANTASTIC product, definitely recommended!!
This fits perfectly in my new car and is easily accessible.  It is easy to reach without invading foot space.
This bag is great. It holds more than it looks like it could and you can mount it anywhere. Mine hangs from the 4wd shifter in my truck. It's easy to put stuff in and everything stays put until you're ready to empty it. The velcro bottom makes it super easy to empty. This is the only litter bag for me.
this item is amazing and a brilliant trash can for the car since t doesnt need much space
My wife ordered this item for our sedan.  It really helps to keep junk from collecting in the car (especially useful since we have a toddler riding in the back.)  Would highly recommend this.
I bought 2 of these at Target a long time ago (8-10 years).  We love them!  We now have a third car and I would love to have one for this car as well.  If you run across these, BUY A FEW!
I'm glad this one is still around. I bought a tan one about 20 years ago and really enjoy using it.
This is pretty low-brow technology, and I chose this option over others primarily because it was the only one that came in a color close to matching my interior.PROS:Easy to hang -- strap is adjustable so it can be cinched tight against headrest (or wherever you decide to attach it) or left somewhat loose for mobility -- I leave mine within reach of the driver's seat but often push it back behind passenger seat when I have a passenger.Also comes with velcro attachments.  I don't use them but it's nice to have options.Elastic bound opening at top really works as advertised -- easy to push trash into bag but it never "crawls" back out.Easy to empty.  Unbuckles and reattaches easily.  Velcro bottom stays secure when closed but opens easily when needed.Multiple color choices beyond black.Easy to clean. Slick coated fabric wipes clean with little effort.CONS:Doesn't hold as much trash as some other automobile trash bags.Would be nice to have option to completely seal opening at top when toting particularly smelly trash (though in fairness, I should point out that not many other options offer this functionality, and certainly not at this price point).
I'm very pleased with this trash bag -- a lot of thought went into the design. The opening is set up so that trash can't escape if the bag tips over (not an uncommon situation in a car). The bottom of the bag has a velcro closure that you undo when you want to empty the bag.  Lots of attachment options -- there's double sided tape with velcro if you want to stick it to the dash, and a strap if you want to hang it on the seat.  Small enough so that it's not in the way, but big enough to take care of most trash that you'd encounter in the car.Case Logic has never disappointed me with their product quality, and this is no exception. Nicely done, and very handy to have to keep the car clutter down.
It holds a lot of trash and is easy to empty from the velcroed bottom. The top has an expandable opening that keeps the trash in the bag and not spilling out when you hit a bump.
I love having this litter chute in my car.  It fits easily to the back of my passenger seat, but it is not too bulky for passengers in the back seat.  I have been in many cars with litter chutes that were too big and bumped my knees the whole ride.  This one is small enough that it is not a major nuisance.  Also it fits a lot of trash!  My favorite part is that it does not have a lid so I don't have to mess with trying to open it when I am driving!
I recently bought this to replace a different type of trash bag for my car. I really like this one. It is small enough to put on the side of the seat so it doesn't bother the passenger, nor does my 3 year old kick it. It also has a velcro bottom for very easy emptying. Great purchase.
When I Rec. The Back Up Alert 1156 Style ,The Light Worked But the Alert Was Bad And Did Not Work I Have Been Waiteing Over Aweek For Somebody To Do Something For Me,About Replacing It Or A Refund. Thank You Eugene Allen.
I lacked a backup camera for my RV and found this little gem. It was cheap and easy to install, giving me a little piece of mind when going in reverse. The only problem was that the light tripped my vehicle's sensors so the vehicle thinks the backup light is out.
Though I would have preferred an LED light ratherthan the halogen - LED being faster, cooler andeasily as bright, I am a happy camper.
I installed this in my ford van.  The sound level is plenty loud enough for me, as I want to keep people from walking behind me in the parking lot, not alert the people in the next state over that I am backing up.  The reason I don't like this product and can not recommend it is two fold.  First, the beep beep noise is actually like a beep beep squack squack beep squack.  The pitch changes all the time and it actually is embarrassing.  It was my fault that I called to inform the company about this like 6 or 7 weeks after I got it, as it was just not high on the list of things to do.  They have a year warranty.  Well, they want me to pay the shipping to return it.  I explained to them that while I did fail to call sooner, I am not a liar and the product was bad upon receipt.  I already blew 25 bucks on this piece of junk, so I'm not sure I even care to spend another $5.00 to get a replacement.  That is my experience and how I feel about this product.  I bought this item at etrailer dot com and because of the way they are handling the return I learned the hard way that I should have got it from Amazon and now I know where I will not be shopping.  It's not a huge amount of money, but I have to budget every penny I spend so it affects me more than someone who might have discretionary income.
Have used these since they were invented by DesignTech in Virginia, a few decades ago.  Glad to see that the product survived Obamanomics, even tho' DesignTech didn't :)  The fool who recommended spicing in an alarm either didn't RTFM (if the lugs are offset wrong, send it in to Hopkins for the other) or didn't know which end to plug in.  With the new, flat lamp sockets, nothing could be easier.  We've installed over a dozen for family & friends, and only needed to replace two - each after their cars were rear-ended.It's a good product, and cheap at the price.  You cannot go wrong, particularly if you have to maneuver around older pets or parents, or near young people... or maybe in one of the idiots recommending splicing a siren into the car's wiring lives in your neighborhood.
I have been using these in my cars for many years.  My complaint is that they don't seem to last more than a few years.  I wouldn't mind if they were just a little louder also.  Some have had the beeper fail, some the bulb.  In any event I really like having that extra attention getter when backing out of parking space.
1.  Does not fit standard bulb receptacle, nor the opening in the taillight assembly.  Had to drill out my taillight to fit, and tape it into the bulb receptacle.2.  So low in decibels, could *barely* hear it outside the car, standing 1 foot away from backup light.3.  Vastly overpriced - suggest you consider the WOLO backup alarm available at Kragen, AutoZone, or online at Amazon.  Wolo = $11.00, this product = $25+
This little backup beeper has saved me from those parking lot dings caused by two drivers who don't see each other starting to back out at the same time.  It has saved me from the wrath of pedestrians who might be distracted while I am in reverse.  It is not annoyingly loud and not faint either.  I have used one for many years until the beeper burnt out.  Hope this one lasts as long.
Not loud enough,can not hear more than 10 to 12 feet from alarm.I have had other brands that I could 100 or more feet away.I purchased another one that I had to wire in to the reverselight wire. Now it works really good.I left the other one in, being I needed a new bulb anyway.
I have used these before and been happy with them, but this one didn't work when I first got it out of the box.  I tapped it a few times on the tailgate and then it started to work.  I'm sure on a gasoline vehicle with a stock exhaust it would be fine but it's far too quiet for my super duty.  Installed a WOLO beeper for less than 12 dollars from amazon and works much better.
Easy to install, loud enough to be heard when the cabin windows are closed, but more importantly for a child behind your vehicle. Had mine on for years. Thought one went bad, but it turned out to be the connector on the harness. So now I have a spare, which will probably outlive me!
I agree with the previous review, as the item(s) don't fit standard bulb receptacles, nor the opening in the taillight assembly. But if you have a dremel & a hot glue gun, it's worth the trouble. I put 2 on my van and believe me, they're LOUD! Just one is enough to let people know your backing-up, plus there much brighter than the regular bulbs! But make no mistake, this item IS a "Handyman special".
Works great for my work truck.If you need a back up beeper for your truck  it's a fast and easy way to have one.
Exactly what I needed to warn people in parking lots and walking on the street of my condo as I pull out of my garage.  Not so loud it tells people in the next county what's going on but loud enough that people know someone is backing up and look for the danger.  I'm very hard of hearing in the high decibel range and heard it easily standing behind the truck.It fit into my Ford Ranger without difficulity - pull out the old bulb and push in the alarm bulb.  Light is easily as bright as the old bulb.  Anyone who can change a bulb can install it and if you're not mechanically inclined ask your mechanic to switch it out the next time you're in for service.  He should only charge you for 10 minutes more and if you add it to a large repair he'll probably throw the labor in for free.The guy(s) who complain(s) about how loud it is probably were expecting a construction zone beeper and this it is not.  Don't buy it for that purpose.  But if you just want nearby pedestrians to know what you're doing under normal parking lot conditions this is perfect for the average motorist.
This is one of the best safety purchases I've made for the work truck - reverse light/back up beeper. Just replace a stock reverse light bulb with this unit and it beeps when reverse gear is engaged. It's not super loud or annoying but gets the attention of passer's by.Tip: make sure you know what bulb you will need before ordering...been there.
It doesn't fit the socket. It doesn't fit the housing. A bumble bee emitting flatulence is just about as loud. I wasted my money. Do your self a favor and don't waste yours.
The light bulb is wonderful.  It's halogen, very bright but it heats up the fixture, so be mindful when sitting in reverse.  Good idea to keep it less than a couple minutes.  More later.  The Alert:  It is supposed to "BEEP".  When it sounds Feeble and sounds like hungry sheep or a duck and people are looking, It will soon be silent.  I drive for a living - an excess than 40k/yr.  I have a number of vans, each with at least one of these units in the drivers rear.  The beepers rarely last me a whole year in my active vehicle.  I' sure most people would do much better than I, as I get a saltwater bath more than once a week and every day do many miles of unpaved roads full of potholes and water in the winter and potholes and dust in the summer.  Just a few days ago (Wed) I replaced the unit again.  It was lighting up but the beep only lasted a week.  Tonight (Sat), I just moved my van to unload and silence again.  The light was good, (It's very dark here and I'd know instantly if one was out).  I opened the door and peered back.  Lots of light.  I stopped the engine and turned on the key...Light but Silence.  There's only one circuit in these units.  Whenever they light, they beep and vice versa.  If only one function is working, the problem is not the wiring in your vehicle, It's the unit. Recently I've had a lot of failures.  I count 4 failures now in the 2 years I've had this van and now I'm going to write the company to avoid a fifth. Very frustrating to say the least.  I've been using these for better than 15 years.  On one occasion I know the Alarm warning did pay off.  Funny story involving a tourist but I'll spare you.  I do know my back-up alarm did the job that day.Note: It's really easy to order the wrong unit.  The 3156 bulb is the rectangular bulb socket.  The other style is the round bulb, (older 1156 style).  More about the heat...My personal experience.  If the backup light fixture is really dirty or gets cracked and dirt/dust gets inside, it will overheat easily.  The plastic lens won\t melt or anything like that.  The bulb socket  gets cooked and deteriorates over time till it no longer functions and you have replace the whole unit which may or may not include the whole tail light fixture. This is intended for myself as well:  "We all know that proper attention to one's vehicle is the best way. to go."Up Date:  (Several months later.)  I wrote the Co.  They said "send the bad ones".  I sent 3, They quickly sent replacements and I was impressed by speed, attitude and service.  One did not work, One worked w/lite only and one worked w/lite but faint useless beep. No Comment.., Except yesterday I drove one of my older vehicles w/1156 (Round Socket bulb backup alarm) - more than 8 yrs old... works great.My Solution.  Installed another mfg's beeper (only) unit inside behind tail light, securing w/cable tie.  Installed $40.00 (22 watt LED cluster) in backup lite socket.  Brightest light I could buy, actually hurts the eyes but really lights up the behind.  And... with almost no heat to destroy the fixture.
You'll never get parts for it. Anywhere. The bulb has a relatively short life, replacing it is difficult (as I have discovered). Managed to get the old one out, but nobody stocks replacements. How useful is that?
This lamp is as bright as lightning.Great for anyone who needs to light anything up.
It took me days and days of searching the web to become informed enough to make a decision as to which power converter to buy. Let me share with you a summary of the important things to know.TYPES OF OUTPUTYour AC equipment is designed for a sine wave, but only the very expensive power converters produce a true sine wave output. The cheapest AC power converters produce a square wave output. A mid price AC power converter (like the VEC043) produces a modified wave. Besides the price impact, there are trade-offs of what type of equipment you can use for square wave or modified wave.Power tools have an AC/DC motor that works with all 3-types of outputs. If you only want to use power tools get the very cheap square wave power converter.AC motors such as refrigerators need a modified wave. AC motors under heavy load can not start to spin using a square wave and even if it does "spin up," it will probably shorten the life of the AC motor to use a square wave.The most sensitive AC equipment must use the true sine wave power converters. The worse case equipment is a cheap stereo or TV and their performance with a square wave power converter is completely unacceptable. A modified wave will work with all stereos and TV's, but some of the cheaper units will have a 60 cycle buzz in the sound and snow in the picture.The VEC043 power converter performs well with most stereos and TV's, but not all of them, especially the cheapest units. It works with your power tools, AC motors, and computers. I personally felt it was the overall best choice, but if you want a true sine wave output, then be prepared to pay the big bucks!LINKS TO PICTURES OF THE TYPES OF OUTPUTSine wave:  [...]Square wave:  [...]Modified wave: [...]NOISEAll of the manufactures write about the electrical noise of their power converters, but it is the audio noise that is important to me personally. I have a friend who uses a power converter in his car on a daily basis. He just bought a new Black and Decker power converter, and he says it is much quieter than his first power converter was. His Black and Decker power converter makes a whining sound that reminds me of a dentist drill, and I don't like it!There is a small fan in the VEC043 and it makes a little more noise than my laptop, and about the same noise as my desktop computer or the kitchen refrigerator. Best of all, there is no whining sound.CAR BATTERYEverything electrical on your car is specified to work down to a minimum of 10.5 volts. Less than 10.5 and your car may not start. The VEC043 has an audio alarm that sounds at 10.6 volts. Nice feature!!!Running the battery down below 10 volts is very stressful to the battery and may even damage the battery. The VEC043 shuts off at 10 volts which is another nice feature.SPECIFICATIONS FROM THE VEC043 MANUALOutput: 2 AC outlets (110VAC RMS 60 Hz @ 6.8 amps)Output protection: self-resetting breakerOutput power: 750 watts continuous (1500 watts peak)Input: 10.5 to 15.5 Volts DCInput protection: internal fusesReverse input polarity protection: noneConnection: battery clips onlyLow voltage alarm: sounds at 10.6 voltsLow voltage cut off: occurs at 10.0 voltsWeight: 3 lbs (1.35 kg)Length: 10.7 in. (27.2 cm)Width: 6.25 in. (15.9 cm)Height: 1.75 in.  (4.5 cm)Warranty: 2 year limitedOperating temperature: 30 to 105 degrees F (-1 to 40 degrees C)
I bought it used but it works from what I can tell. I will follow up after our camping trip.
I purchased this inverter because it claimed to have automatic reset for faults or low voltage. The problem I've had with OTHER inverters is when you turn off your car and start it again, the inverters would go into safe mode. Some of them even required you to completely unplug everything before you could use it again.Not only does this inverter automatically reset when you start your car, it continued to supply enough voltage to keep my appliance running the whole time. My appliance worked as if nothing had happened. Very impressive!
Works perfectly.  Great price.  Bought this to use with my son's nebulizer in the car.  It is quiet and runs the nebulizer with ease.
We chose this because we wanted one for our second car.  We already had one and it was very, very good.Thank you.
Although I'm not impressed with the quality of the materials used in the construction of the product, (they seem to be a bit Light-Weight)  I am impressed thath it ran the equipment with no problem for several hours at rated wattage.
This is the second Vector I have purchased.  This newer version worked great.  Kept the frig, a few lights and a pellet stove going without a problem for twelve hours plus.
Works as described on most products. I bought it to charge cordless drill batteries on jobsites. 4 stars because it drains the vehicle battery dry in several minutes unless the vehicle is running. . Had to get the van jumped off the first time I used it after only 5 minutes of using it for battery charging.
I have used in my fish house seems to work fine unforthunately the battery life does not last as long as I would like. I might of been better off getting the 400W unit vs the 750W, not sure if I needed this larger unit or not as I'm mostly using it to power a few lights and maybe a small fan. The unit does work, and the alarm feature of the battery getting low is a nice feature or a nuisance as it makes a noise that is un-pleasant to listen to. I tried to send in the warranty information to the address given and it was returned, not sure if the company changed addresses or what, I may go on line and see if I can locate the company and register my purchase that way
I really reviewed most of the inverters in the market and choose this one based on the specs.I wanted a surge power enough to start refrigeration motors that usually consume up to 10 times at starts and this inverter has enough power to do the job because of the soft start technology.It is hardmade, the fan is auto and it is very rare to start (until the power exceeds 50% aprox)I have pure sine and decided to test pure vs modified sine and discovered that with the filters installed on this Vector i can hear and watch movies perfectly on my LED TV without any noise.(that is usually the problems with the modified sine inverters) and the surge power is better on a modified compared with a pure sine of the same size---1000 wattsI tested the safety features of this inverter (low battery alarm, overcharge alarm) and everything just worked fine.In addition i have to say that Vector was bought by Sears, and there is an inverter sold by them that its exactly the same product but costs 35 dollars more.In a few words, it is a good inverter, well constructed, i bought it for a shelter and the tests appear to be Passed until now, im planning to buy another one a little bit bigger.The seller sent the product really fast and it arrived in excelent conditions!!!If i find something else i will update my review for you.....
I bought this jump starter a few years ago when my original one got stolen. So far it has served me and my neighbors very well. We had a flood recently and I misplaced the charger 2 and half months ago and it was able to start my neighbors car immediately and it was not fully charged. Can you tell me where I can get another charger?
This is the top of the line as far a leak prevention goes.  Plumbers and HVAC professionals use this instead of Teflon paste; and they introduced me to the blue paste.  First time using; you will understand why they prefer Leak Lock.  Eliminates call backs.
This sealant works extremely well, under or not under water, does the best job of any sealant I have ever used!
I have used leak lock for over 20 years, and never been disappointed.especially good when doing hard to seal joints, e.g., fuel lines, transmission hoses, etc.just works.
Great product, just be careful not to use to much so it that gets in the system your working with because it will block orifices.
The product worked perfectly.  I had several leaks in a mini split system at the flared connections.  I carefully used this only on the exterior threads of the flared fittings and it stopped the leaks once and for all.
This product is the best on the market.  It always works with ease and no leaks ever. I have been using this product for over 40 years.
the sealant that beats the rest, i've used it for years and i'll never switch back to anything else....Price can be high on this stuff but would you rather future leaks, I don't think so!!
I bought this to use with my son's portable dvd player for a family trip we were taking. When the batteries died on the dvd player I went to go plug it in and it didn't work.
this  worked perfectly for a power supply for my antique cd player that i lost the cords to a long time ago
Unfortunately, this converter burns rather than charges the dvd. the coby dvd that links you to this product doesn't charge from this converter at all. after a while, the converter heats up and releases burning plastic odors. although it did charge a different device (electric razor), it is unusable for the specific DVD.
I bought this to substitute for batteries (2AA) for a small low current device in my car. I read the various negative reviews and they sounded as if people were using it for devices that exceeded its abilities. Turns out there are other issues besides limited current capacity. When I started using it there would be random losses of power. I found that the center contact is not designed correctly. It bottoms out in the plastic housing, so when pushed in it can easily lose contact intermittently, then get it back. Not good for use in a car. I modified the contact so it behaved more like better CLAs and things improved considerably but there were still random losses of power.I continued to play around with it using a 12V DC brick that had has a CLA socket as it's output. I could not reproduce the problem when everything is sitting still. The connections I made to connect the coby to the camera seem solid and work just fine in the car using a remote battery pack instead of the coby. I am still unsure what is wrong with it, perhaps I was unable to improve the center contact enough or there is something inside that doesn't like the vibrations of driving. It works nice sitting still at home plugged into the brick, just won't work that well in a moving car.If I decide to go further I'll probably modify it by wiring it to one of my better CLAs. This will eliminate the CLA part of it from use and I'll find out if it's just a mechanical contact issue or something in the underlying electronics.
This is the first car cord I've seen with selectable voltage outputs.  The included array of connectors make this a must-have for anyone using multiple electronic devices in the car.  And cheap, too.  Just be sure to set the voltage and polarity correctly. Recommended.
This product performs exactly as expected.  If the expectation that within 10 seconds of plugging it in to your car or boat's 12v outlet it is to melt and burst into flames forcing you to put said fire out with the nearest cup of coffee.The good news is that the plastic is so cheap you can scrape it off of your dashboard with your thumbnail.If you need an insurance claim I heartly recommend this item.If you need something to power one of your devices without spontaneously com0busting then I hardly recommend this item.
We went through 2 DVD players and 2 charger units and these are the worst products we have ever purchased through this site.  Avoid this company.  Purchase a portable DVD from an established electronics company.
This heats up super quick in the car. The most we were able to use was 15 minutes of the portable DVD. And after a few months, it just died. Waste of money...
Purchased for my daughter's DVD player. Works well, and adaptable for most cars. Thankful for that. Good price as well.
Total waste of money.  I bought it to use with a Coby portable DVD player.  A Coby car adaptor for a Coby player should work, shouldn't it.  I discovered that the spacing of the pins on the little plugs that are provided in the package did match the hole spacing on the car charger side.  In other words, you can't plug them in.  Unfortunately I did not try to use it until after the Amazon return grace period.  After reading some of the reviews, I have concluded that they do this as a safety measure.  I mean if you can't use it, it can't overheat.  What a piece of cr*p.
Perfect to replace almost any damaged car-charger. It comes with multiple plugs and it's very easy to change one for another.---Perfecto para reemplazar casi cualquier cargador para carro da&ntilde;ado. Viene con varios conectores y son muy faciles de cambiar.
This item worked perfectly the first time plugged in but within one day would no longer fundtion at all - junk
The charger lasted only 10 min. It got hot and went dead after that.DO NOT buy this product. Its a wasted time and money for shipping and handling.
I purchased this charger for Coby V-zon portable DVD player. We were not able to use it even once, the charging light comes on but the unit never charges.
This is a good product but a little on the flimsy side. The button to switch voltage moves easily and you can accidentally move it while in operation and potentially damage whatever electronic device you're using it for. It does come with a nice selection of interface plugs and variations of voltage settings. If it stops working, unscrew the plug-in section to reveal the fuse. You can change the fuse if it blows and it will work again.
This is a great set. It has adapters for every type of DC ring/tip power jack you can think of. Its fuse is simple to change (I have never had to, but I make myself aware of these things).Never had a problem with it in the month or so that I have had it.
Since the cassette player is broken in my pickup I thought I'd buy this instead of a new radio so that I could play my ipod in the truck.  The volume is a little lower over the radio than I would like but other than that it has worked great for the last month.
i have a coby v.zon and i purchased the coby universal car converter i plugged it in to my car it worked one time and hasnt worked since onow i cant send it back i dont recommend buying this product at least the ca709 ic reulated 800ma.
After running a 6 volt 420 ma load for 15 minutes, voltage dropped to under 4.4 volts.  I wish I had not got this item its just a piece of junk.
Had to return the 1st one which did not work.  Good thing it was easy to return at no cost to me.  Amazon quickly replaced it. Just tried to see if it's working.  It is,but haven't really used it yet.
I travel a lot and the use of this universal has come in handy. I enjoy watching my portable DVD while my husband drives.  he is the driver the most.  So for me the chance to watch what I want when I want has been great.  Thanks
I purschaed this item once and it didn't work but I gave it another chance. I ordered it again and the product would not charge my DVD player!! Please do not waste your time and money!!
The charger was very efficent but it got extremely hot while charging.  Almost even too hot to touch.  Dangerous!  Interested to see if it changes by the volts it is set to charge.
I bought this specifically for my Coby portable DVD player.  The battery is shot and I only use it in the car, the thing doesn't work at all.  Doesn't charge, doesn't power.  WTF?!
i bought this for the portable dvd machine for the car(I have the Disney's dvd machine). it works and fits great! i was looking for this everywhere in stores like office depot, best buy,...and none of them had what i needed. similar items were about $20-25. the good thing abt this product is that you can choose the voltahe too. I needed a 12V and I got it. :)
I bought this for a new Coby DVD player that didn't come with a car adapter. It doesn't charge the DVD battery at all, even though I set it to the same voltage as the DVD battery. Also tried other voltages just to check, nothing happens on any of them, even though the red light comes on. The same DVD battery charges fine with the home adapter, and other electronic devices with their own chargers work fine in my car lighter. So, this thing is a complete bust, but not worth the money to return it.
I had to buy a car adapter because the dvd player didn't come with one. It does not stay in the player so the player turns off as soon as you get it started.I DO NOT recommend this product.
I don't know how the 800ma is calculated, but I attached a 0.5A (500ma) rated mp3 player to the converter and the light on the unit went dead immediately.Nice set of connectors though, covers pretty much all socket types I have.
I made a fishing friend a super minnow keeper with one of these. He lamented replacing D-Cell batteries in his aerator to keep minnows fresh on his pontoon boat. I soldered tiny alligator clips on the wires of this product & set it to 3V. Now he clips it into the aerator as a substitute for batteries.
I bought this as a replacement for my COBY DVD player as i lost the original car adaptor. And this is listed specifically as supporting my model. But within 5 mins of me putting this in for charging the fuse on it went out. This product doesnt work with COBY's own portable DVD player. i am seriously disappointed.
This item was advertised to charge my Coby e-tablet, It would not charge my tablet then the aparently a wire in the cord broke for I had to wiggle the wire to even get power to the charger. In other words it was junk.
I read both positive and negative reviews and decided to take a chance.  We took it on a LONG car trip this summer and it worked flawlessly the whole trip for our COBY Portable DVD Player.  I didn't have any issues with a fuse shorting out.  I recommend that if you get this product, check your DVD player (or other electronic device you want to use) on the specific DC voltage it requires and then choose the appropriate setting on your car adapter.  If you randomly choose a setting, it will blow a fuse. My DVD player had a voltage requirement listed directly above the power input, but it should also say on the fine print on the back of just about any product - look for "DC In" followed by 9V for example.
Would not work with the portable DVD player that it states it will work with.  We tried all pins, and still nothing.
This product showed up in great condition, and works well.  Unfortunately, not exactly what we needed to fix our issue, but great product for what it's for.
Got this for my 7" Coby DVD player. First time trying to use it no lights came on ar anything. Took apart and it had a blown fuse!!
I bought this product for my nephew in the car. The item brok within twenty minutes of use. Nothing I did can fix it. Very flimsy and not worth the money paid for it.
I bought 3 DVD players, 3 of these in December.  Looks great but doesn't work blown fuses, shoddy construction, voltage can be easily changed by accident.
I like the multiple selection of adapters. There are no worries while traveling using rental vehicle.  At this time and point the durability remains to be seen since my 5-year old boy has not used the Coby much. We will find out in December while on a 8-hour drive. Things I will be looking for: wear and tear on male/female connections, cord insulation durability (bending, twisting, knotted).
We noticed right away that the switch got very hot when we used it for the first time a few weeks ago. My husband just took it out and noticed that the switch part actually melted.  To those commenting that it drains the battery, when you connect it to the adapter, there is a positive and negative, like a battery, so if you attach it wrong, it will drain instead of charge the battery.
Actually zero stars.  It Wouldn't work so I went out and bought one that did for more money.  Didn't want to spend $18 but I needed it to work.
This adapter works great for me, no problem with the fuse. I use it in my car to keep the batteries charged in my Radio Shack Pro96 Digital Scanner. I think those having blown fuse problems are over loading the adapter or running high Amp devices without the engine running. A fuse can blow if the engine is started with a high Amp device turned on at start up, not a good idea. The price was right and i would recommend this item to others. Amazon is #1.
we just opened the package today and it DID NOT work with our coby dvd player when we tried it...we know our car adapter is working because we tried another one(gps) and it worked...the dvd is also working because we tried it in the house...so do i get a refund or a replacement?
This Coby CA709 is overrated advertising. I used it for a wireless camera (rated 0.6A), and the power LED of this camera is flickering and the camera not working at all. Until, I went to a local electronic store, and purchased another DC Car converter rated 1800 mA, and my wireless camera works fine with its power LED stays ON constantly.  30 days return policy passed, and I will throw it away.
THIS IS A PIECE OF JUNK, GARBAGE, A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY, THIS ITEM REALLY HEATS UP WHEN PLUGGED IN, IT GETS VERY HOT TO TOUCH, AND ITEM STOPPED WORKING AFTER SECOND USE. PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY.
the first day I used it, it was attached to a basic tape player and it blew up, therefore it is worthless
the bad thing is that this item shuts off unexpectedly after 30-40 minutes, and you have to wait for several minutes until plugging it in again. the good thing is that it naturally restricts kids from watching the DVD for too long.
I purchased this item for a DVD Player for my car.  It was advertised to have various tips so it would fit most any component and also had voltage settings.  Some of the reviews talk about blowing fuses and would not work.  Well the reason for the problems is the tip has to be installed properly.  If it is installed backward it creates a direct ground. That blows a fuse.  The center pin has to be positive and the outside has to be negative.  It is not marked so I used a volt meter to assure which was which.  It works great.
The unit works, but doesn't have enough mA to power my DroidX phone.  With today's bigger batteries a small charger such as this one isn't very useful.
This one totally saved me on my last driving vacation with the family (wife and 3 kids).  I had gotten the COBY portable DVD player using some credit card points, but it didn't have a car adapter.  I ordered this one, it arrived before vacation, and it helped cut down on the "Are we there yet's" by at least 87.4%.  Good thing to have if you travel and need to power anything in the car.
This arrived on time and in perfect conditon.  Product arrived as expected.COBY CA-709 IC Regulated 800mA Universal DC Car Converter
Stopped working after one day.  I think the fuse went bad.  I will replace and see if it starts working again.
I wanted a car charger for my Acer Iconia A500 tablet (12VDC) and couldn't find an OEM one . The price was right and it does the job.
I don't understand the criticisms. The switch for different voltages clicks from one position to the next (not too hard, not too easy). The fuse is easy to change if you should need to. It reduces the voltage just as it is supposed to. It is very reasonably priced (Amazon's price is 1/4 what my local Radio Shack wanted for this) What more could you ask for?? I'm happy with it.
Waste of money. It never runs. I wanted to return it but lost before I return. will Never suggest it.
We bought this to use with the Coby portable DVD player for a long car trip - Did not work at all.  The first time we plugged it in the DVD player would not turn on.  We tested the DVD player by plugging it into the wall and it worked fine.We tried the car adapter again and it worked, but for 10 minutes before the DVD player shut off itself.  The car adapter also got really hot really quick.We let the car adapter cool off and then tried the DVD player again; it worked for about 5 minutes.  I would NOT recommend this product - We bought it because there were so many other positive reviews.
Works great to power my Roland electric drums.  Very clean sound.  I have an ac adapter that makes a lot of noise through my Rolands, but this adapter is perfectly silent.
I may have had a defective product, however the fuse in it burned up with the first use.  Luckily I found one to replace, but the whole point of ordering it was to replace a non working one so the kids could watch movies on a long road trip...didn't work!
Blew the fuse after less than a minute.  Would not recommend this to anyone.  I will not buy from Amazon anymore since they carry this junk.
Received in time advertised.  Packed suitably.  Does what I bought it for.  No complaints.I can see no drawbacks for the product.  It is what it appears to be.;
I usually write my reviews after I've used my products for a while. The true nature of the product shows up after a while. I brought this product in 2010 and thought I share my experience with the world. This is a great product and has been supporting my daughter's gadgets very well. I wish there was some embedded space to keep all the tips so that they do not get lost.
Installed unit over Thanksgiving.  Not very straight forward, but definitely DIY.  Took me about 3 hours to install, with the correct T-harness.  After the install, I can see how it could have been quicker if I was a professional installer.Does it start our car? Yes is does.  While parked in our garage, we can press the start button and the car starts as expected.  Sometimes it may take two or three tries, but it does start.  I have it installed in tachless mode.  It may start more reliably if I had the unit connected to the tach.  But for now it is OK.Now for my may concern/complaint.  The advertised "up to 400ft" range is actually closer to 90-100ft in our vehicle.  I have read the vendors FAQ page and I have installed the antenna as straight/vertical/away from other wires as possible.  I have actually tried three different antenna locations.  None has produced any noticable increase in range.  I have sent the vendor an email to help diagnose the problem.Until then this is a two star product.  If I can get an increase in range it, I would consider this a 3 1/2 star.  Difficult install subtracts 1 star.  Another 1/2 star subtracted for poor initial antenna range.If I can't increase the range then this is a 1 star and I will find another brand/model.
Know before you buy:  Trying to find an installer is nearly impossible in my area using Bulldog's recommended &#34;Installnet&#34;.  Even with the bypass module, 1 installer (recommended via Bulldog's site) said another module was needed for another $100... A second installer wanted $100+ for a new key with a chip to be made.  I'm sending it back today.  The price of the system, plus $160 for installation, plus another $100+ -- I can buy an high end system installed at Best Buy for that price.
I work as a Master Technician and installed this in about an hour on my 1994 Toyota Corolla. Very simple installation. Follow the instructions exactly and step by step using the included tools, and it's a cinch!In the end, does exactly what I want: Start & Stop. No crap alarms or fancy doo-dads. Just Start and Stop. Perfect!and no, I don't work for bulldog =PI have installed bulldog remote starters of various models on:1989 Toyota Camry1990 Toyota Camry1993 Jeep Wrangler1994 Toyota Corolla1996 Dodge Neon1997 Toyota Camry2003 Mazda Protege2005 Toyota RAV42006 Mazda Tribute
So I brought this item for my husband fpr Christmas. He really wanted a remote starter so I thought I'd save a few bucks and buy one online. I received it and started calling around to find prices for installation since my husband doesnt know much about cars. Come to find out no place will install it once I told then it was a Bulldog. They said it will destroy my electrical system and it is a very bad ides. So I wasted my money and had to get my husband something different way after Christmas. DO NOT BUY IF YOU VALUE YOUR CAR AND CAN DO IT YOUSELF....(which I told takes hours even if you know what you are doing).
I was given this product as a gift, and after looking into reviews I wasn't overly excited to get started working on it. I realized I needed a security bypass, which was not currently available online. I tried to call them, no one answered. I proceeded to call 4-5 times a day. I then tried to call other departments, sales, tech support, customer service, even accounting, accounts payable, receivable. Not one human ever answered the phone, or called me back.It then became a sport, I was determined to get a human on the phone. Embarrassingly I probably called a total of 35 times. 3 days later, I realized I probably could spend my time better by just writing bad reviews online. So do yourself a favor, don't buy this product, and support a sham company.
Do not buy this item! I was told by bulldog it is an old model and Amazon should not be selling it. It came out of the box not working and now I have to pay to ship the unit back to bulldog for repair. It was pretty easy install but now I will have to wait a week or so to get a working replacement. I do not think it is fair that a product I purchased 4 days ago should be replaced by my refurbished original. The issue in a nutshell is that there is no range at all. I have to be within inches of the box or yellow standard antenna for it to work. I even went to the store to get a new battery for the key remote but it did not help. As for the people at bulldog the tech and the customer care rep were very nice, but there policies are subpar at best. I even feel bad writing this but it is true.
I bought this to replace another brand that never worked. I found it to be not that hard to install compaired to the other one (DEI-BOA). As a basic start/stop the car unit it seems to work fine.
First off, I'm no shill for Bulldog nor do I work for them. I am not a professional auto mechanic but I am very technically inclined and handy and have installed 11 Bulldog remote start systems for friends and family over the past 8 years. I have installed 3 RS82 systems. First of all, if you have little to no mechanical aptitude and don't understand basic wiring or automotive electrical and security systems then please do not try to install this yourself. You need to know what you're doing to install any remote starter and none of these things are "plug and play" to where you hook up a couple wires and it works. You need to know what kind (if any) of security system your vehicle uses and you need to be aware of the various bypass modules and relay kits available that may or may not be required. Bulldog does a great job of making this information available at their website including vehicle wiring diagrams and special notes about such bypass modules that may be required.I think it is unfair for some of you people to give the product and the company a bad review simply because you are not capable or qualified to install the product yourself. As for the "other" installers who won't do it either...of course not. They want you to buy their system. Like I said, I have successfully installed 11 Bulldog systems in 11 different vehicles....some requiring bypass modules or extra relays or extra harnesses or whatever and have had ZERO issues with any of them. Junk as some have implied? I doubt it. Its not the Cadillac of remote starts but its not a toy either. My point being, from my experience Bulldog makes an excellent product and I have had no issues with any of the systems I have installed. Again, don't bash the company or their products because you can't figure out how to make it work. All the information is there...you just need to know what to do with it. I can't stress enough, this is not something the novice who can barely change a light bulb should attempt. I can't speak to any customer service issues as I've never had to call them but I am speaking simply from my experience with reliability and from an installation standpoint. Bulldog makes a good product, IMHO. I gave 4 out of 5 stars simply because to me 5 means perfection and nothing is perfect or without fail. But, I wouldn't hesitate to buy another....and I probably will.
Took a total of 2 Hours to install this Remote Starter in my wifes car. And before you go an say well it must of been something like an 82 honda. No it was a 2007 dodge caliber which is a wiring nightmare. No T Harness for the car so i was on my own. If you go to bulldogs website you can get your cars wiring diagram and then theres no hunting for the proper wires. Dont listen to the people giving this low ratings. If you cant change your own headlight you pry shouldnt be installing a remote starter. All in all very impressed with the starter has about a 400 foot range with the remote, but you can wire it to use the lock button off your factory key fob to start the car. One less thing to carry on your keys
I had a mechanic try to install it who has done these before, he couldn't get it to work, and tech support was no help to him. Wasted $50 and a lot of spare time. Go have a shop install one for $129
Took me about an hour to put in. i have an old car with no security so i defiantely recommend this if ur car doesnt need a bypass module. works great. no complaints
I say BS to all the negatives and problems. I know you can sometimes get a defective product but other than that if these starters are installed exactly as they are supposed to be they will work as they are supposed to. I have put them on several of my own vehicles and for friends and there has never been a problem.I do have one complaint and that would be for the one in my Nissan Xterra which required the bypass transponder. The box and the wire around the ignition has to be perfectly positioned or it will stop working. I had to use the bypass on my wife's mustang and it always works but the one on the nissan has a very limited area to put the wire loop. It would be great if they come up with something better and I'm sure they will if it causes too many problems with other vehicles.
Even installers I took it to didn't recommend it.  You cannot it install it yourself, unless you are a mechanic.  The cheapest one to install it was $200.00.  i returned it, they sent a tape, the ad stated DVD.  They claimed Amazon misrepresented their product, they only returned $10.00 of the $70.00 I paid.  Owner, manager never returned my calls.  They claim I didn't return one of the parts (lie) and totally refused to stand by their product.  i finally gave up accepted my loss.  Call Amazon first, to see if they will stand by this, the seller will not.  They were rude, and could care less.  This was a Christmas gift for my husband and I was totally disappointed and disgusted.  ONE STAR A JOKE, THEY DIDN'T HAVE NO STARS!!!
Put many of these "Bulldog Security", brand remote starters in our vehicles for many years. Mainly because the had a "Lifetime " warranty. That was then, This is now- With a unit I have in my car, that is 4 years old, it finally went bad. Still have the original box, that states, "guaranteed forever". BS ! Cause when I called customer service, I am told, that the company was sold and all they can do is offer me an upgrade for $40. plus whatever it costs for me to ship it to them. Years ago, with original owners of the company, They would have you return the defective unit and would send you a new one for free. Can buy brand new, unopened (never installed) sets, on craigs-list for $20. to $50. lately. Now I see why they are going so cheap. So much for ,"guaranteed forever". Those days are gone with the old company. Their products are priced much higher now, yet no warranty. As far as how easy or hard they are to install, pretty much the same as any brand. if you want to buy a remote starter, look on your local craigs-list and save a ton. Most people sell them (no matter what brand)
I installed to the units and they both worked just fine just pay attention to the instructions and you should have no problems if you are mechanically inclinedI am buying one now for my new car and the tech support is very knowledgeable but pay attention to the hours of operation so you don't get stuck in a bind on times when they're closed
I am not a mechanic or an electrician, but I am knowledgable in both subjects. I installed two of these units myself and they work great. They are VERY difficult to install yourself. Most cars require you buy additional security bypass units, so call the manufacturer and make sure you have all the parts before you start the project.
I used it with the iterface recomended but never gotit to crank my Jeep compass. I really wanted it to work for m daughter but no luck.
I was interested in a remote start so that I could warm my car up in the wintertime.  I have a 2006 Honda CR-V.My husband tried to install this, then he realized that with my car, you need to purchase an additional part (I think it's the T-harness) in order to get around the key security system.  Once that got in, he tried to install but said it wasn't simple enough for him to do it on his own (he's not entirely car saavy, but he can do general things like change oil, etc).  So we took it to a vendor to have the remote installed.  They had to take one of my two keys to put into the engine - so now I have to go and buy another key from the dealership (I was told they run over $100 each for the ones with chips in them).Once we got it installed, it has already set us back the cost of the initial kit, the T-Harness, the install and another spare key.  The remote works fine... when it's WARM.  Once the temperature drops below 40 degrees, it no longer worked.  The crank was too short for my car and it wouldn't start.  This defeats the whole point of getting a remote start to warm my car in the wintertime.  Perhaps it would be useful to cool my car in the summertime?Soooo, my husband took it back to the car vendor to see if they could adjust it.  Well, apparently this kit doesn't allow you to adjust the crank.  So now, if I want a remote start that will work for me, we have to buy a more expensive kit.  *SIGH*.  My husband said that perhaps it might work on his Toyota 4-Runner as he doesn't need much crank to start his car, but he doesn't want to have to pay for another T-Harness to install it in his car and then to have to pay to get it installed.  Not worth it for him - and no guarantees that it would work in the winter!It's hard to tell whether the range works well as if I'm in the office and try to remote start, it doesn't start my car anyways (since it's so cold), so I have no idea if it's working.The annoying part is just how much work & money that has gone into installing this darn thing and it not even serve the function that I wanted it to.  Based on other reviews I've seen on this brand, perhaps we'll look into another brand for my next install....
This is my wife's logon name.  The bulldog remote start system came with a 2001 ford ranger that I bought but the previous owner had to replace the battery in the truck.  That should have given my a clue.  The remote had lost it's program so i went to the website for some troubleshooting.  I followed the steps to the T and got remote reprogrammed.  It worked like a charm.  A few hours later i used the remote and the truck started just perfectly.  Three or four minutes later I went to get inside and head to McDonalds but the truck had already shut off.  I thought that was odd because i have heard of other starters letting the vehicle run for at least 15 minutes.  Oh well though I figured I'd just start it with my key and head out.  With a turn of the key...nothing, just a click.  So i pulled my wife's HUMMER up beside my ranger and tried to jump it off.  Nothing but clicks.  So i hooked up my battery charger and jumped in my van and went for dinner.  Got back home and check the guage on my charger and the battery was fully charged so i tried to start the truck and nothing but clicks.  Either the starter is fried or the silinoid is fried.  I check all the wires and hook-ups and everything is hooked up correctly.  I'm not even going to attempt to contact the company unless they want to come help me unhook it and drop it in the trash can where it belongs.  The next time I get a remote starter it won't cost $50 or $60.  I'll pay for the best to stay away from the headaches of CRAP merchandise like this one.  Thanks a lot Bulldog now i have to take my starter off tomorrow, buy another one, and then put it back on.  You could repay me the money for the cost but you could never repay me for the time that i will have to waste tomorrow fixing your mistakes.Joe
The remote start installation was a breeze all I had to do is follow the instructions and the remote start worked perfect.
If I could, I would rate this a -5 stars. They should owe ME stars! I received the remote starter, and the DVD wouldn't even play. It froze a couple minutes in, and never would go past a certain point. That should have been a warning right there. Asked a friend (who works at an automotive shop) to assist me with installing and he even said that the instructions were wrong on how it should have been installed. Also, most cars require a "T-Harness" but this company doesn't mention that. They say that everything you need "should be" right in the package. Nice way to get around false advertising! We took it to a professional to install and starting laughing right away. He said that it was the 3rd one he'd seen this month (December) alone, and they're a pain to install and so cheap. For the same price, I got a different remote starter (installation was included) put into the car and it has more features. I should have done this to begin with. Now, I am out money, time and get ragged on constantly because I purchased this piece of junk in the first place.
This product works well but you will have quite the learning curve if you haven't installed one before. Their website has good information and there is an installation cd included. THIS PRODUCT ALONE WILL NOT WORK WITH CHIPPED KEYS! Works well on older model cars. Range is acceptable, will work if the car is out front or a few doors down but won't work a full city block away.
the producto does not say that it cannot be installed if the key has chipi had to give it awayi was so exited, now I cannot used. 1 out of 5 stars
Device works as advertised.  DVD is very helpful.  Not too difficult to install.  After splicing together 1 or 2 sets of wires, the rest come easily, so I would not buy the T-harness piece if I did it again in order to save money.The hood pin is not required, and you may find this unnecessary.  Mine broke during installation, and I do not plan to replace it.The worst part of installing this on a 2005 Toyota Corolla was the fact that the under dash panel does not come out.  Only a small panel around the steering column comes out, making exposure very difficult in some areas.  This made the installation process 2-3x longer.  If the under dash panel on your vehicle comes out, the device is very easy to install.
I have had this unit intsalled in my vehicle for 4 years now. I am a mechanic and bought the extra install kit for my pickup to help with installation and ti worked but the range was about 10 feet max. Now it has started to keep my starter engaged and has ruined 2 starters and a battery in my pickup and I cannot get a real person to answer the help line to give any information or warrenty info!!!! They are junk units, spend the extra cash and get a real unit that has a customer service on this planet.
That was the first time I installed a Starter and I was very satisfied I was able to identify the wirings. Their website somehow has a compilation of color-coded wirings for every car/year. It was very helpful including the installation videos on the net. I noticed that there is a connector in my car where those little wirings seems to converge to. This connector is not connected to any. It must be for the T-harness they call it. I might have installed it easily if I have it. I have a car manual and I can read diagrams so it helped a lot in the installation. The only cons: The LED tester that came with it was defective. It only light up RED on positive hit only! So I used a VOM for the Negatives.Tested it at more than 400ft unobstructed, signal is capable. From inside the building to the parking lot- it didnt. Overall, I AM SATISFIED with this starter.
I've tried 2 different remote starters by Bulldog Security. To me they were easy to install with the "T" harness. But they just don't work worth a darn. One of mine had a stated range of over 1,000 feet. It would not work more than 10 feet fom the car. It would not start the car in the driveway while I was standing at the back door of my house or while standing at a window about 30 feet from the car. And it was supposed to have a range of 1,000 feet ? Yeah right ! And like almost everyone says, it's like going through hell and high water to ever get a live person on the phone. And then they act like they don't give a rat's a_ _. They are definitely not customer oriented. Very inferior product and company. I will never think about purchasing one of their products again. STAY AWAY from these people and their products ! I gave it only one star because I had to give it a rating to post. It actually does not deserve even one star.
I installed the bulldog remote starter RS82 on my sons 1993 Toyota Corolla. There was not a T-harness available so I had to install it the long way. The wiring schemes on bulldog's site were pretty accurate and very helpful. The video was ok but was very basic, I think they could spend more time on parts of it to make it more understandable for the newbie like me. It took about 7 hours to install it on this car, taking into consideration I only set it up with the starter and did not have to hook up a bypass or door locks it seemed to be a long drawn out process. I could do it faster now that I know what I'm doing though.A concern I had is that when you call the 'free' technical help line you do not really get any help so if you are taking on this project, just know you are on your own and will not get help. After it was all done I had accidently broken the hood pin switch so I sent Bulldog sales an email to order the part AND pay for it, I still have not gotten a reply so I tried calling and got another voicemail.Summary, the product works as it should (will find out if there are long term effects or not) and I'm happy with it thus far. NO tech support available which means work on this at your own risk level. I'm a pretty handy guy and will take on most anything, but going forward I will most likely hire to have this done - they earn every penny!
I bought 4 of these remote starters last year at Wal Mart for 60 dollars and no shipping fees and they came with everything that was needed, after I received this setup from amazon I found out that I had to order a separate module called a 791 bypass and they cost me another 25 dollars so this ended up costing more money to buy from amazon and another waiting period for the bypass so my advice is go to Wal Mart and buy one
I bought this unit because I wanted a no-frills remote start without security or power lock controls. I installed the unit as directed (I am an ASE and Chrysler certified master tech with 20+ years experience) and when I attempted to initialize it, I got nothing. I went back and double checked the directions as well as all my connections and found the unit to be dead on arrival. I complained and got a refund for the purchase price but I'm still out on shipping and installation materials. Save your money and time by avoiding this piece of junk.
Watch the DVD, read the instructions, install it wire by wire and you will be fine. Super value and works exactly how I want it.
This is a basic remote starter kit and is a DYI kit if you have a basic knowledge of auto electricity.  If you don't  know how to use a test light or wire crimping tools this kit is not for you.  but if you can handle  pulling the covers off your steering column and finding specific wires in your ignition system, this is a great basic remote starter kit.
this item need a bypass unless if you drive a 12 year old car, the do it yourself is hard on smarter cars like an minivan, and you will not find an installer who would want to do it without charging you a couple of hundred $$, so do the math
Excellent Bargain for a relay and a socket/harness
Awful!!  Installation was extremely hard.  Spent 8 hours.  Half way through I discovered I needed to order another component for the installation into an Elantra.  Splurge and get one installed.
There is no NC contact in this relay. It only has a NO contact. The included plug does have five wires as stated, its just that one of them goes to nothing.Seller could have written a better description.
I always test new products to make sure they are functioning correctly before using them in a complex circuit and out of the two I ordered only one worked correctly, The one that didn't work had continuity bleed through the normally open terminal. I guess you get what you pay for.
Perfect, great value for the price.  I used it for wiring some auxiliary lights on my motorcycle.  Nicely documented & packaged. Couldn't have gotten a better deal at my local auto parts store.
Despite the other reviews, the item I received had both normally open and normally closed wires, and contacts on the relay, even though I was only interested in the normally open.
Nice relay (40amp) nice wiring harness, and the price is reasonable for both. I have purchased harnesses before and they sometimes don't fit very well. these are perfect.
Missing normally closed (87a) contact on the relay. From the reviews, it looks like some people are getting 5 pins and others 4 pins.
This product was presented professionally and meet all expectations.  It saved me money over car alarm websites.  Would highly recommend.
nice packaging ,it also comes with 4 samples of different connections...purchased this to isolate the ignition #1  on my carto connect a remote starter....job well done
If you're installing your own remote starter you can't go wrong here.  Bulldog security remote starters specifically recomend this unit.  They provide all necessary diagrams using the wiring colors in the provided harness.  I wound up buying too few for my install and had to run out to my local auto supply store.  They had relays, but no harnesses to plug them into.  The relay alone was twice what this costs!  For the price of this buy a few extra!  If you're project needs 2, buy 4.  I'm certain once you start your install you'll find you needed the extras.
I purchased this item based on a recommendation when purchasing BullDog Remote start and this item was not needed, waste of money!
I believe this product's bad reviews are from people who do not understand the different ways this relay can be used or wired. It has worked perfectly in 2 different situations I have used it in as designed. If you need a 5 terminal relay with harness and know how to wire one in correctly this is the one! Many custom modifications to interior lighting systems can use this in conjuction with switches and factory systems. I will purchase this one every time I need one!! 20+ years as GM Tech specializing in electrical repairs
Worked fine with my Bulldog RS1100 Remote Starter with Key-less Entry when I wanted to bypass the transponder key on my 2000 Nissan Altima.
Perfectly fine automotive relay, albeit with non-standard wire coloring. Works well though and the circuit is stamped onto the unit.Pros;It's a relay, it works well. It's inexpensive.A holder is includedIt ships via PrimeCons;Non standard wiring colors make installation mildly more complex.
good quality product, just what i needed..went to 3 local stores, and they only had relays with wireless kits and stuff like that..this works for all you need on your car
Great if you don't really want to solder. Thick wires and gets the job done for remote starters. Very color full too haha
A necessity item to have if you want to run accessories. Heavy gauge wires.
The item works as advertised. I had to purchase this to use as a relay to trigger the parking lights from a bulldog keyless entry system. Nothing fancy about the part. It works as advertised.
Other reviews stated this was just a 4 wire relay or that the relay had no NC contact, however I ordered two of these and both relays were 5 contact relays and included a NC and NO contact.
I bought two of these and they were exactly as described, 5 wire sockets, and the relay had both 87 and 87A contacts, (Normally Open, and Normally Closed).  Other reviewers indicate they received the 5 wire socket with only a 4 pin relay (without the NC contact 87a), but I received the correct 5 pin relay. Worked great.
There is no NC contact in this relay.  It only has a NO contact.  The included plug does have five wires as stated, its just that one of them goes to nothing.Seller could have written a better description.
**SELLER NEEDS TO CORRECT THEIR DECEPTIVE DESCRIPTION**I ordered this before and received 5 terminal relays, but received 4 temrinal relays this time around.  Without the N.O. terminal you can not use this for some (5 wire) power lock installations unlike how they are advertising this product.  If you need the N.O. terminal I highly suggest ordering elsewhere. If you need just a 4 wire setup then this will work just fine.
I am surprised to see bad reviews on this item. I ordered two. Both arrived in original package, with all 5 pins and pig tail with it. I used it to alternate lighting in my car. Both relays worked out of the box. One suggestion, I know this item is intended for use by tech guys, but it would help to have a simple description of the pinout. I could not remember and had to search on line for it.
Sherco presents this item as a Bulldog brand product when in fact it is now.
Tried to buy one at Advanced Auto Parts and Napa Auto Parts, both of them had the relay for $12-14, withOUT the socket and 5 wires. For $8, this is a sweet deal. Description says it's for lights but really this is useful for any 5 pin relay that needs the following pins (85, 86, 87, 87a, and 30). I personally used it for installing a Remote Start as I had two starters that needed to be relayed. Also, the reviews about not having NC pin is not true. All 5 pins and 5 wires were there in both of my units.
The relay works for trunk release and dome light control, but the leads the leads are way too short.  I had to add extra length of wire to complete the install.
junk lasted maybe 2 weeks then started messing up
I spent countless hours on trying to get this to work.I even bought the T-harness to make the install easier.The T-harness only hooks up the remote car starter part of it.I was under the impression that it would hook up everything just to find that it doesnt.I also bought a bypass for the anti-theft system.I put this system in but couldnt find the power lock wires that I needed to.So I went ahead and figured I could go without the locks.This is where it got interesting.After spending hours and getting everything hooked up,I pushed the start button.The Trailblazer started........and shut off.Tried it again and the same thing happened over and over.Well went to the computer and found that the $120.00 bypass module I got needed to be reset because it was giving me a code.Huh,no problem,went through the list to reset it and got to the next to last step.You need to hit the lock/unlock button.Remember me saying I didnt wire the locks.I went back hooked the lock wires from the remote starter to the bypass module.Went through the reset list and nothing happened.After a hour of trying to wire this and that I came to realize that it must have to go through the anti-theft system itself and I couldnt find those wires to wire it up.I called support and left messages to which I still havent heard anything yet to date.I emailed support and still havent heard anything yet to date.All in all,I spent $240.00 for complete junk that I counldnt get to work.I also spent hours on the computer doing research because their directions suck and arent clear.If you have no expereince in automobiles or wireing STAY AWAY from this crap.Its nothing more than a headache.Remember nothing is universal!
This is the 4th one of the RS1100 I have installed.  All worked as advertised.  The item ordered was shipped promptly and arrived new and in the original manufacturers sealed box.  Would definitely buy from Amazon.com again.
I was excited to to get my remote starter just for the fact that I live in Minnesota. When I purchased the remote starter I new I would not be able to install this product, so I followed the website to the professional installers.The installer arrived on time but did not know much about the Bulldog Product. He kept on having to look at the paperwork that came with the starter. When he finished the car would crank and not stop cranking for a long period of time then it would shut down. I checked the web site and found a so called fix, this did not work. We tried some other adjustments with the tach mode and that did not work. Long story short I had the starter in my car for 4 months trying many fixes and adjustments, no luck. Well last night I finally just ripped the starter out and put it in the trash. What a waste of $400 including the install.
I bought this over a year ago and its still working. Although i think the battery is almost done. If you wire it correctly this will work just as intended. The remote has a nice fancy rubber feel out of the box however this is just a thin coat of rubber that will wear away in a couple months. Not a big deal, im just happy its never stopped working for me. Only thing that annoys me is the button arrangement on the remote. I know the small button is for both unlock and lock, but everyone else seems to think the big button with the key on it is unlock (cant blame them). This means my car stalls sometimes, (i wired it in a manual). By the way if you are doing this in a manual, be very careful of wether you leave the car in gear. I never do so it doesnt bother me.
I got this item for my dad for Christmas, and I started installation that day. Christmas eve I read all the manuals, watched the included DVD and wrote down some important. I started installation around 8:30 am and finished about 12 hours because I had and some other. The installation was very easy because I had the vehicle diagram for my dad's 1999 Toyota Avalon XLS. During the installation i never made a mistake, for example hooking up the wrong wires. The hardest part that i thought was going to installing the 791 bypass modules in the car and connecting to the remote starter. I haven't completely finished because i forgot i needed relays for the trunk release and dome light, which doesn't mater because the light come on because of the factory alarm system. I highly recommend this product if your looking to install a remote starter your self. By the way I'm only 15.
i recommend to check your installer remote starter place if they install bulldog product. because some place would not install it. unless you buy their own remote starter.
Im sure this is a great system.... I've never been able to get it to do anything but flash the headlights and unlock the doors! We even bought the wiring harness for it and had it installed and the shop couldn't get it either.. We replaced it thinking it was broken and number two... same thing. WHATEVER
technical support from jbs for this bulldog remote start is excellant.  the product meets all of my expectations and is very resonably priced.  if you are looking to install a remote starter yourself, then this is the one to buy.
I got one of these as a Christmas present a few years ago. I am not technically inclined, but the ad made it seem like any idiot could do this no sweat. Well after about a week of freezing and laying in ridiculous positions, I got it installed. I had a mess of wires everywhere and there is not much room to work in my car. Maybe if I had a garage, or liked working on cars I would be telling a different story, but I don't. Well it worked well for a while and then my dash lights stopped working. It wasn't a fuse, and my mechanic said that electrical stuff can be expensive just to trouble shoot so I have been without dash lights for a while. Recently, I had to 'panic stop' to avoid hitting a black bear and my starter has stopped working ever since, in addition to all the other problems the sudden stop caused.I won't lie. I hate working on cars and I'm not good with them. I got this so I could have a warm car on cold mornings. That much was really nice. I wish I had a professional install this though. It was a headache, and honestly, I would not have gotten this if I knew it would be this much trouble. For car people this is probably no sweat. For someone who just wants their car to start remotely and doesn't want a hassle, I would think twice.
Once we got the product, we required a few more pieces of equipment to actually hook up the remote start to out truck.
Good product, good range. Installed on 1996 T100 SR5 4WD. Adequate range. Installation instructions good be a little better. Overall very satisfied.
This thing was just right, I had dropped mine in drive way and wife had ran over it, worked like a charm. Thanks
I'm an electrician so installation was pretty easy - about 2 hours (no T harness). Once you have your vehicles wiring diagram, just match up colors and away you go. Works fine but the transmitting range is no where near 400', more like 60' from inside a house with car in garage.One other note: I got this for xmas 2008 and wanted to use a "T" harness for my 2003 GM minivan. The model # is GM1-T harness. Absolutley NO one has this particular harness in stock and some companies say it's discontinued. This harness is the most widely used for GM vehicles and it's discontinued? Splicing was the only option which does take longer.
I bought this on a whim one day at the store - "Remote starter? Easy Install?? $50??? Heck yeah!" When I got home I tore open the packaging and then sat there stupefied for hours.  I've never taken my car's dash apart or done any electrical work in my life.Read the manual a few times through, don't worry if it doesn't make any sense.  I let it stew for a few days and googled as much as I could.  Take your dash apart and really inspect what's going on and try to follow the manual.  Once I figured out how a car's ignition system actually worked, I understood the unit and install procedure much better.  I decided to solder all the connections and insulate with heavy duty silicone fusion tape. (NOTE: make SURE there are no little pokey copper braids that made it through your tape job.  Sparks, blown fuses, and terrifying minutes thinking you ruined your car will follow)PROSIf you take your time the unit will work exactly as it's supposed to.  It fired right up on my first attempt, and hasn't given me 1 issue in over a year. If the unit ever craps out and you did a good job with the wiring, it's cheap enough that you can just get another one and pop it in. Also you will learn a lot about your car, and circuits in general.CONSNOT "easy to install!"  I had to take my driver's seat out and lay on the floor upside down for hours to get most of the connections in.  A few things require going through the firewall which, on my car, is a huge pain.  Also, DVD would not play.
I agree with other negative posts. the tech support is a scam.  Anyone putting in 4star ratings and talking about cheerful tech support agents has got to be a plant. I installed the unit on a Dodge Stratus with moderate success.  Took about 6 hrs.  It worked for a couple weeks, now just restarts every 5 seconds.  I emailed tech support a couple weeks ago and never heard back.  I have called tech support about a dozen times and get nothing, not even an answering machine.  I'm sure my problem could be answered pretty quickly by a knowledgeable support person, but it appears that no such support exists.  I'm tempted to rip it out and try to get my money back.
I received this unit for Christmas, and installed it in my Ford Explorer. The instructions are not as direct as they could be, but the video helps organize things. I needed to call tech support for a question/clarification and after a fairly long wait on hold (two days after Christmas so I expected that) I got the info I needed by a cheerful tech. The biggest problems with any of these self-installed units (this brand or others) are (1) people who don't have any electrical experience or tools, and (2) installation on cars that have difficult to access wiring (most). The latter can make the difference between a relatively easy or relatively hard installation. The kit electronics appear good for this type of item. All parts (and a small installation tool kit) are included - - except for any small relays that may be necessary for some door locks, security bypasses, and some dome light activiation situations. They are not needed on every vehicle, but many. A couple should be included since they are cheap and these Remote Starters are not. Also, if under-dash wiring is a bit hard to get at (or not), they have plug-in T-harnesses available that range in cost between $10 and $20. Using one would eliminate almost all hookup problems. I didn't use one. My unit works great. I don't anticipate problems, but I have experience in tapping into wiring properly so the connections should last. If there is going to be a problem, it will be in that area. This thing makes getting off to work on a cold, snowy morning more bearable. It's also kinda neat, in general. Take your time or have someone who knows more about these things do the installation. Enjoy. Happy New Year!
While it was cheap enough, I've searched the internet for a T-Harness for 4 different vehicles and there are none available, which means I'll have to splice it in by hand
The starter seems to work, just not on my Jeep Cherokee. After 2 phone calls and several emails to support, it was determined that the unit was bad. Got a new unit, installed and the same thing happened. The unit doesn't see a voltage increase once the vehicle is started and shuts it off. Tried to get in touch with support again...not happening.Support just stinks, you have to leave a message and hope they call back at a convient time. Email takes 2 days or better.
If you have never hard wired a car stereo then you should let a professional install this remote start system for you.  It is not a simple install.  It requires you to splice into your cars factory ignition system, electrical and door locking system.  If you don't know what you are doing you can render your car useless.  If you have any doubts, by all means have a professional install it. With that said, it is also not the most difficult thing I have ever done and I think most Do-it-yourself people that know a little about wiring and electrical can do this. It took me 3 hours to install. The hardest part of this install is knowing what wires you need to splice, their color codes, and their location. Mind you I also have a degree in electrical.The first thing that should be done is to find out what wires you need to splice, which is conveniently posted on the manufacturers web site.  To get the remote start to function you need to splice a minimum of 8 wires.  After the wires are known then the location of them should be found.  For my truck, the manufacturers web site had pictures which also made this easier.  Check the website BEFORE you buy this product to make sure the pictures are there, if they are not, you may have to search the internet, or buy a repair manual to find the location of the wires you need.  Next read the instruction book so you complete understand what each wire does and where it goes.  It is informative. It also tells you at the end if you need to buy an additional unit to bypass your anti-theft system.  I did not have to install one. You can download a version of the manual at their website.When you have the product at home make sure everything is there, then make a list of all the wires that are coming off the unit, their color codes, where they go to the vehicle, and the vehicle color codes.  Again, this information can be found at the website, or a repair manual.  What makes it hard is that the color codes of the wires off the remote car starter, and the color codes of the vehicle wires that you are attaching them to, are different. After you have all the knowledge and information its time to begin splicing.All of the remote starter wires are almost always located under the steering column of the vehicle.  They are quite easily reached and involve removing some plastic pieces of your vehicle.  The hard part is using a utility knife to cut away an inch of the wire insulation, NOT CUTTING THE WIRE.  After that you wrap the wire around the factory wire.  This process is explained in great detail in the instruction manual.  The wires for the door locks are most likely found in the drivers side kick panel. Splicing the ignition wires is simple to do, and should not take much time. There are 2 wires that can be hard to splice.  One is the brake input wire.  This wire is needed so the unit knows when you are pressing the brake. In most vehicles after 1996, a switch is located up above the brake pedal.  It is a very small wire and very difficult to splice.  With time and patience it can be done in half hour or so.  Another wire is the parking brake lights, sometimes located in the side panel near the seat.  The wire is sometimes hard to locate, not to splice.  After that plug in the unit and test its operation by following the manual.  When that tests good I hooked up the door trigger wires.  Not that hard, now all basic wires are spliced. (there are more optional wires)Surprisingly, finding the space to put the unit was the hardest part. I had to tuck wires and wire tie them (buy more wire ties) and make room for the panel to fit back correctly. After that I was done and the unit worked fantastically.  The truck starts up every time, and door locks work great.  The distance is good, at least 400ft without obstructions.  I couldn't be happier with this remote car stater.Bottom line: If you have hard wired car stereos or hooked up alarm systems before, or have knowledge in electrical systems, this won't be difficult for you.  If you have no experience with this sort of thing it will be difficult and you will want a professional to install it. Even if this unit (which has a one year warranty) fails, you can just swap the original with a new unit without rewiring anything.  This is the best $60 I think I have ever spent.*****UPDATE******It has been 2 years later and I used it everyday during the winter and it has never let me down.  Great product!
the rs1100 is a great buy, but you get what you pay for. its more complicated than advertized to install on some vehicles. but all in all its a great little unit for the price, and it sure beats being out in the cold.
The unit seems like pretty good quality, but i have not been able to install it yet as one of the three wiring harnesses was MISSING! Instead of three different harnesses, there were 2 identical ones. The other problem that i have with it is that the keys could be labeled better; there is a key on the top left and a lock on the top right, i just know that if i let somebody borrow the car, they'll end up pressing the key to unlock it and end up starting the car. Not a big deal, but the keys could have been maybe a little more thoughtfully labeled, like "Start" and "Stop", "Lock" and "Unlock" for example. Just my opinion. Other than that i guess it seems ok!
even thought i have some negative points i still gave it a 5 starpackaging was greatinstallation manual was simple and correct.the website had other manuals for even a simpler connection that helped me aloti managed to install this unit in under 5 hours ,bearing in mind that i had never done this before...but i am very comfortable doing diyswhen you finish installation and start your car from the remote...when ready to drive awayyou have to insert your key and switch to on  , and when done just shut car off normally with key...otherwise once you pressed the brake the car shuts off(this wasn't on the manual)i called customer support and they told me that.....i'm done and very happy)the tester that came included worked like advertised..now my neg. point...buy your own tape and zip tiesthe dvd helped me alot but it kept freezing from time to timethe customer support telephone numbers on the website are incorrect.....you have to use the one on the manualwould recommend this product......very happy..!!!!!!!!!
This item arrived earlier than expected and in perfect condition. It's a lot harder to put it than it seems but still a great value.
This item works perfectly. It does require you to have some auto technology back ground, but if you follow the directions and download the wiring diagram you should not have any problems. The website for the Bulldog RS1100 is excellent you just type in your make model and year of your car and it will bring up your wiring diagram. The RS1100 works perfectly as described. I have been using the RS1100 now since Christmas and it works perfect and it locks\unlocks your doors as well as your trunk. It took me about two and a half hours to completely install the RS 1100...
My 06 trailblazer had alot of extra notes, came down to it the person i hire said he couldn't do it with risking my computer.
Very nice to have on those hot or cold mornings! Professional installation recommended. Overall a great product!
I received an item that had obviously been removed form another vehicle, stuck in a box, and mailed.  I could still see the splices above where the wires were cut.  Asked for a refund, no replacement.  Wouldn't recommend to anyone.
Excellant remote starter kit , but I would not recomend it for a first timer without with some assistants.
Let me start by saying that I used to work as a mechanic and am very familiar with automotive wiring. That being said this install still proved to be difficult and not for the faint of heart wishing for a quick easy install. I purchased this for my wife's 2004 Ford Expedition about a year ago. The install was difficult but not overly painful. Once installed the unit worked fantastic. I have never had some of the problems that other reviewer claim to have and judging by some of the comments I might be inclined to suspect a bad install for the problems in other reviews. I have been inside of buildings hundreds of feet away from our vehicle, hit the start button on the remote when I go outside...my vehicle is running! I like this product so much that I have decided to purchase another one for my vehicle (a 99 Isuzu Trooper).
Didnt work with the car at all, I had to buy a new one to get it to intall correctly so paid double what I wanted to.
I spent much time asking tech support questions prior to the install since it is my first attempt doing something like this. The VCR tape is worth the time to watch, and I watched it several times before and during the install. It went fairly well, except for needing some resistors (not included) and having a remote with sticky buttons, which they have agreed to replace. The actual install took about 5-6 hours on a system with no factory alarm. Overall I am very satisfied with the remote starter, and found tech support reasonably available (busy season?) and willing to help. The written manual is a bit confusing, as is online info, but tech support is very knowledgeable and answered all my questions. They helped me immensely. I love having the remote starter. I recommend it highly.
Complete crap works fine if your standing right next to the car.  feels and looks cheap.  shop around I found a viper for the same price, wish i would have ordered it first.
I guess I'm one of the lucky ones.  Yes, the darn thing was a pain to install.  Did my homework first with the factory manuals for my Lumina.  Then I trained to be a contorchounist(sp?) to get under the left dash. Worked right off. 400 feet?  No way.  But, I did not route the yellow antenea wire in any special place. As long as it will start from my house to the garage. The only thing worth mentioning is I had to replace the remote transmiter recently (after six years).  My Lumina did NOT have remote door locks so that is worth the $$$ and effort!
As far as the negative reviews go, people posting reviews where it should have been their instead of there and so on...well...you should not be installing this unit, take it to a professional.The posts that state all the unit does is click the relays, you forgot to initialize the unit, the instructions are right on the website, you could just google Bulldog security RS1100 relays just click. Did you? Obviously not.Am I a paid by Bulldog Security shill? Nope. What I am is a more than happy customer that had their very first generation remote car starter that I bought off of Damark back when there was no internet and you would get a (gasp!) catalog. Damark back in the day would sell things that were "re-conditioned" from manufacturers, many times, just RTV's (return to vendor) from places like Wally World or the big orange giant (back then, there was Home Depot, Builder's Square and HQ...Home quarters).I installed my unit and it lasted 14 years. The car finally died to the point, after three engines and two transmissions that it didn't make sense to keep fixing it. So I had no problems with my original unit.Why did I buy another one? Well the first unit lasted 14 years and I was impressed that in 14 years, the DC migration issue that will normally plague relays (oh...did I mention I am a degreed electrical engineer?) happened somewhat on the original unit, but BECAUSE PROPER electronic design techniques were used, the issue was minimized. I could talk about the microcontroller that was used on that unit and how we marvelled at it, and poked it and got the source code, but I digress. Good use of a Microchip part BTW...So, unlike so many mind numbed robots, I didn't shuffle on down to the local big box, plop down money, let some who knows who trained them disillusioned twenty something 420 fan install one in my "new" vehicle (a 1994 full size Chevy Truck (sorry GM, but I am not buying into your marketing hype about having to call it a 'Chevrolet'...Chevy will always be Chevy)).So I bought this unit and as with the first one, it was EXACTLY as described. A well written manual was included. This is not the type of mindless icon type of crap you get with a printer or computer. Duh...it is a little more complicated.My install took exactly three hours from the screwdriver hittting the first screw on the dash panel to being completed. Now...this comes with a caveat. I agree with the install manual about NOT using those splice terminals. Vibration, humidity, and oxidation can cause major problems. So if you installed this way and wrote a review, go back and do some simple troubleshooting and withdraw your obviously flawed review. My issue is that having been in the field for 24 years now, as I was taught early on, under the CORRECT circumstances, nothing solders like solder. Yep, I soldered every single connection. All ten of them.Next, I CAREFULLY chose a mounting area and mounting METHOD for the control unit. Once that was determined, I cut all wires that were not needed, but I did not cut them flush with the connector, I left about 2 inches, and used HEAT SHRINK tubing to seal off all unused connections. Why? It should be obvious, I WILL without a DOUBT move this starter to my next vehicle. The only reason I let my first gen go was that it was not compatible with "newer" vehicles.Then, I did a crazy thing and FOLLOWED the instructions for routing the antenna wire. After three hours it was done and I knew it would continue to work correctly. Or did it? Wow, I plugged it all in and all I got was flashing relays..on..off..on...off...whoops, pop the hood (you did install that pin switch didn't you?) to ground the pin switch wire, press the brake (screw that brake wire...who needs it? YOU DIDN'T TRY AND CUT CORNERS DID YOU?)and follow the instructions and "initialize" the system.I get 560 feet (open air...) with no problem out of the unit. I am so completely happy that Bulldog Security is still around. An AMERICAN company, EMPLOYING AMERICAN WORKERS, based in AMERICA, PAYING LOCAL, STATE, AND FEDERAL TAXES. Not some cheap Chinese crap where they do a Mad Man Muntz (go google it). This thing WORKS REALLY WELL. If I had a shop, I would install ONLY BULLDOG SECURITY PRODUCTS. Did you see their website? Did you click the factory photos? Wow...injection molding and electronics assembly being done in America...go figure.Lets see... Home Depot (Still around but Lowe's and Menards are better IMHO). Builders Square was owned by K-Mark and we know what happened to BOTH of THEM. HQ? Long gone... and I will even throw in one more...do you remember Code Alarm? Mismanaged and the product became crap when it was moved off shore.I will continue to install these awesome products as long as I am not in a walker, wheelchair, or otherwise immobilized. Support and PROPERLY report your UNBIASED reviews.(BTW, I designed garage door openers, gate operators, and security systems for years and I can't tell you the number of RTV's we had dealing with the big box boys because of the lack of intelligence of the "average" installer. We were told to reduce the number of fasteners and tools needed because about 10% of the people that bought it thinking it was DIY would look at the bag of hardware and return it.) Stop bashing a great American company, pick up a book, read and think. Or at least don't have such dillusions of grandeur that you think you are a DIY GOD when, in fact, you are not.Warm and toasty in the land of snowmobiles, shrinking daylight, and deer hunting. THANK YOU BULLDOG SECURITY.
Let me start off by saying that I was a mechanic for a few years and now have an electrical engineering degree so installing this should not have been a problem.  I also have the shop manual for my car which gives me info on were all the wire are.  They also do not sell a T-harness for my car (97 Lexus ES 300) so I had to splice in all the wires myself.Install took about 2 hours.  When the unit after install the car started ran for 5 seconds then shut off.  It did that again then the alarm went off.  I call tech support and they tell me the only way to operate this unit with my car is to use the factory transponder to unlock the car first.  Well that sucks who wants to do that, + you have to have two key fobs with you,+ if you forget to unlock first the alarm will go off.So I figure out a way around that by taking the FASD wire and connected it to my unlock wire in the door.  This way before it remote starts the car it will unlock the door like you put the key in the door and unlocked it.  The tech support said there was no way to do thisNow it should work it starts and runs for a few seconds then turns off and keeps repeating.  I connect the TACH wire from the remote start to the tachometer feed in the car.  Program the unit for TACH operation.  Then teach it to learn the TACH.  Same dam problem.Call tech support and ask him about the problem.  He says the unit is not seeing noise after the car starts.  I tell him that's why I connected the TACH I also know the unit learned the TACH because it confirmed it did when I was programming it.  His advice is to remove the TACH wire and connect to an ignition wire.  To me this is crap half ass solution.  Asked what signal the remote start is looking for so I could go out with an oscilloscope and check the TACH output or make it look like the unit wants and he could not tell me.I cannot trust this unit without the TACH connected.  Last thing I want is to be replacing the battery or the started because this unit kept trying to start the car over and over again when i am inside waiting for the car to warm up.You get what you pay for (the RS1100 and RS1200 are the same thing I asked tech support)
Bought this for my son's 05 Corolla. Buying the wiring harness easily cut the install time in half. Make sure to check Bulldog's web site to see if they have vehicle specific instructions for your car. Even with pictures from the web site, took longer than anticipated to install.Got the damn thing working, only to quit. Began re-checking all the wiring. Put a paperclip to bypass the fuse and everything worked. Blew two of the supplied fuses.Once installed, we're pleased with the functionality.
I asked my brother-in-law, who is a certified mechanic, to help me install this.  After he read through the instructions he told me it would be too big of a job for him and that he couldn't do it.  I called around a few auto shops and asked if they could and they were so quick to tell me no when I mentioned it was Bulldog Security... like it's the plague.  I can only imagine why.  Now I'm stuck with a useless product since there's no way I'm capable of trying to install this myself.  I guess this is what you get for trying to buy cheap.
I installed this remote start into a 1994 GMC 3500 dump truck.  The truck originally had no power door locks or windows and I recently installed a power door lock system.  (Which I purchased on Amazon...see my other reveiw.)  The main reason I installed the remote start was for the keyless entry feature.Although this installation was pretty straight foward, you need some mechanical/electrical experience.  It should not be attempted by a complete novice.The included directions and DVD were very complete and easy to understand and follow.  I was able to attach the remote start to my power door lock module simply and it works great.  The remote start has never failed to start the engine.  Very nice to have a warm truck when parked outside in the winter.I've been using it for about 2 months now and for the money, it can't be beat.
RS1100 Unit arrived in good time in good condition, as with every other purchase made from Amazon "Thanks Amazon".OK first things first the main control unit was a little bigger than I expected, so finding a place under the dash to conceal it was a bit of a struggle, I found a position that I thought was the best for wire and control unit placement, then I  roughly ran the wires to their locations, at this point I realized that some the wire harness wires were too short for where they needed to hook up to, so first job was to extend the wires that I needed to and label them accordingly,  I extended then with a soldered  joint and heat-shrinked the connection, second was to cut the wires from the harness I did not need, and also heat-shrink to cap them off.The Bulldog wiring diagram [...] for my truck was pretty accurate, just one wire that was different, before starting the installation I also downloaded a wiring diagram for my truck from[...] and compared the two diagrams, this is where I found a discrepancy for the wiring.The install went without a hitch and took around 3hrs, I would recommend going with the Tach on option, from my previous experience I have found the Tachless option a little unreliable, you could do this two ways, both ways are more reliable than Tachless; 1: Connect Tach wire usually at coil, or 2: Connect the Tach wire to the Ignition number 1 wire, number 2 is the way I did mine as I was already in the wire harness at the ignition and you don't have to run the Tach wire through the firewall, finally before actually testing and your remote start don't forget to set the dip switches polarity, for dome-light, door locks etc, if your vehicle start and runs, read the manual and programmet the unit for Tach on, also whilst your doing the programming  set the run time, cold start etc.
Product works great. Product comes with a phone number to find an installer near you. USE THE NUMBER! For $160, you can get someone to install it for you. It took me 11hrs to install. Next time I will buy this product and have someone else install it for me.
I have installed two of these units now and they BOTH had exactly the same problem... they work for about a month and then quit working. Once they stop working, you have to unplug all the wired from the unit and simply plug them back in and that seems to reset everything and allow it to work for a few more days until you have to reset the unit all over again! WHAT A PAIN IN THE A**. This thing really should be called bull**it security!Not only are the directions extremely vague, but they simply leave you guessing at almost every wire splice!
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THE PRODUCT BUT DO NOT BUY FROM NORTHERN TOLL + EQUIPMENT THE  ONE YOU GET IS NOT A BULLDOG IT IS A PRESTIGE AND WHEN YOU CALL THEM ABOUT IT THEY WILL TELL YOU THAT THEY ARE THE SAME THING AND THEY ARE NOT!
Got two of them 2 month ago and set it up through a whole day. It really took me some time to figure out the right wire, because the diagram on their website is not so accurate for one of my car.(for 1996 avalon, the color of the wire for the door is not right). But once I set it up, it worked perfectly. I can control it at about 100 feet away from it. although it's not 400 feet, it is good enough. I gave it 4 stars only because it is not as easy as what I thought to set it up, but maybe it is different in your case, depends on how good you are at electrics. :-)
Good product, the instruction doesn't included trouble shooting. I have to go online and look for Q&A.;But overall, good to have in the winter time. The signal range is kind of short not as description (400 feet).I am happy to have it.
Even though the deal WAS TO GOOD TO BE TRUE ... Can't find anyone in our area to install it .. I wanted to surprise my husband for Christmas but low and behold here it is Vallentine's Day and still don't have a local installer ... Soooo Disappointed
Took a few days to figure out wiring, but works great so far...if you purchase this and you have a newer 2000 and up vehicle, get the bypass module with it. Not for someone with limited electronics experience.
Tried to install this recently. Discovered I would need a 791 bypass for my vehicle. Put everything in and the car will crank but not start. Move the antenna loop around and shazam it starts. Put everything back together and the car will crank but not start again. Went throught this exercise several times. Bottom line when I put the cover on that goes over the steering column the transponder ring is not effective. I can take the cover off and move the ring near the ignition switch key hole and everthing works. Now if I want to leave the cover off this is a great peice of eqiupment. Of course this will not look like junk and therefore I will not do so.Today I have a vehicle with butchered wiring that will not start with the remote. There is no apparent solution to this problem as tech support is short and unconcerned. I have called and emailed several times. They are quick to talk over you and come off quite cavalier.Bottom line after spending $65 for the unit, $26 for the 791 bypass, $100 for the extra programmed key to go in the 791, the best part of the day installing this thing, and then another day or so troublesooting I would have been much better off spending $200 at Best Buy to have them install one of their units. A buddy of mine did so and has been starting his car remotely while I have not. This is a Rube Goldberg device at best.This may be fine for cars without a security system.
Hardest thing about doing this install is connecting the wires. Not much room under the dash. The web site has good info (wire diagrams) for different models, just have to find it. I had a pretty simple hook up. No door locks, keyless entry and such. You can just hook up the brakes and accesary wires. Don't forget to ground the hood wire to put the remote starter in operation mode. After install was complete, about 4 hours, it worked great.
I installed this on a 98' acura integra and it works very well.  I did not use many of the optional features including the power door locks, hood connection among others.  My background consists of being an electrician although I had limited experience with car electronic wiring, with some experience with car audio.  That said I do have a good understanding with power,voltage,amperage as well as logic controls.  This was my first remote start install.  The dvd and written instructions were decent and I suggest going over them at least once, but probably a few times and having everything available for the install on hand.  I haven't installed other remote starts but I am guessing the others are very similar in difficulty unless they included T-harnesses for the optional features.  I used the T-harness from bulldog for my install and it helps but is not a cure all for splicing into wires.  Using the color code for my car available on the website made locating the wires pretty easy. The hardest part of the install for me was getting to the wires in my car and having room to work and splice.  I think this probably varies from car to car, so I suggest looking near your fuse box and getting an idea on where all the wires are and how easy it is to get to them before deciding whether to install a unit yourself.  The difficulty in getting to the wires without taking apart too many things was the major factor in not installing the optional features but the basic install was not too bad.  I am recommending this product but would advise doing some research before taking on an install.
I am very pleased with this product. It works well and as advertised. The negative reviews are in large part to the fact that a lot of people who consider themselves mechanically savvy, either aren't, or aren't as much as they need to be for this project. If you have to ask yourself if you know enough to install this, you should probably arrange for a professional install. The install is quite complex for anyone who doesn't have a working knowledge of automobile electrical systems, patience to lay in the floorboard and sort through a bundle or two of color coded wires under the dash, read basic laymen wiring schematics and have possesion and ability to use a quality multimeter...no, not one of the $2.99 test lights in the Autozone bargain bin. For an average person with above basic automotive experience and tools, you can knock this installation out in a 2-3 hour span if you read up on your vehicle and go over the directions a time or two before you start. They provide a walkthrough DVD as well as an expansive online directory of most all common vehicles, specific tasks or needs relating to each kind of vehicle, and a very good guide to where to locate and test the wires in your vehicle that are necessary for install. This kit DOES NOT make your manual car locks into powered locks. There are kits for that for most applications though. Because there are situations where it's applicable, I will mention that, though dangerous and advised against, this kit can be installed in a manual shift vehicle, but it isn't a good idea and if you have to ask how, you shouldn't do it. It is a great system and has been working well in my mother's 1998 Chevy Blazer since I installed it nearly a year ago. I would recommend it to others, and I once again say, if you have any doubts about your ability to install this system you should really purchase installation, either from the company, or through a trusted reputable mechanic of your choosing. I'm sure you don't wanna be one of the frustrated people who post here screaming that the product failed you when in fact it was your installation that failed the product due to inexperience or too little experience. Good luck and enjoy.
This is the second remote start that I have installed in our cars.  For the price you can't go wrong.  It took me about 4-5 hours to install but it is every bit worth it.  It just takes time finding the correct wires and getting to them.  The tech service help from Bulldog is great.  They were very good at trouble shooting my issues and helping me along the way.  The remote is easy to use and has great range, ~400ft.  I would definitely recommend this product to others.
Works good now but hard to install in my opinion.  But qwhen I want to sstart it and Im in the store eating,  WHAM it does go on.  Heard it can effect electrical system but no problems as of yet.
Bulldog RS1100 Remote Starter with Keyless EntryI purchased 2 remote starters.  The installation was cumbersome, mostly taking the dash apart and locating wires.  The suggestion from Amazon was to add the pass lock and relays which I didn't need for one vehicle but needed the pass lock for the newer vehicle.  We also purchased the t-harness from the site recommended by BullDog to aid in installation, it removes the guess work of locating most of the wires but not all.  After install, during the first week, if the heater motor was set to high in one vehicle, or the auto headlight light function on the other was energized the remote starter would shut off and keep restarting for the default set by BullDog, three or four times.  There is a current set limit of 10 amps which we solved one of two ways, connecting and setting tach mode on and connecting to the tack wire or to the 12V heavy gauge wire associated with the installation.  Both methods seem to work.  The signal is also strong and is able to go through 3 walls and also be used in a metal building, I don't know if the signal strength is typical of remote car starters.  It works well and is American Made.
while this product may be very good, we'll never know.  We contacted 3 people in town who could install the starter, the first would not install this one, he would install the one he offers for $350.  The second one said that he took more of these out, than he  installed because they  have been known to screw up the mother boards in the vehicles.  The third guy said he would install it, 5 hours at $65.00 per hour but not guarantee anything because they have been known to screw up the vehicle once they are installed. Sat "on hold" with manufacturer for 20 minutes and never got anybody who knew any thing.
Wow, what a new way to go to work in the am. Warm car warm feet love it. Should have done this a long time ago.
It is completely 100% not as easy as advertised.  splicing all the wires of my car just wasnt easy nor practical.
I saw this product on dealnewsdotcom when it was on sale for 28.37, with shipping.  My due diligence resulted in not making the purchase even at that low price.Toyota Camry from 2007 to present includes a factory installed immobilizer device.  The engine can't be started unless the car detects a radio frequency signal from the key fob.This arrangement makes stealing a car much harder for younger, less experienced, "grab and go" car thieves.  The usual method is gain entry, break off the key lock with a slide puller, then turn the internal lock mechanism with a pair of pliers.  The car is gone in 60 seconds or less.  The technique is reputedly well known to young teenagers.This method, or the more difficult technique of hot wiring, will not start a car that is equipped with an engine immobilizer.Obviously, a DIY remote starter faces the same problem.  The remote starter can bypass the wiring but the car will not start without detecting the RFI chip in the key fob.The "solution" for this Bulldog RS1100 or any other DIY remote starter is that you have to put your spare, factory supplied key inside the unit.  The "bypass module" can be a separate unit or it can be integral, as it is with this RS1100.  The car can then be started remotely because the car detects the RFI signal from the spare key.This also means that you have permanently stored a spare key inside your vehicle in a place where every car thief will know to look.  The placement of the remote starter module is dictated by the wiring within any particular vehicle.  You're not going to have a lot of options for where the module, with your spare key inside, is to be found.Decide for yourself whether this breach of security is worth the convenience of a remote starter.  Personally, I think it's foolish.
used this product on 2 different cars and easy installation works without problems. need to be handy and know wiring but not hard if you read and study instruction manual.
Hi, I use this product in my toyota corolla 97. All the instructions are perfect. I have taken the diagram of wiring connection from [...] That was perfect too. I have completed whole installation within 2 hr. I am very thankful to my friend Krupesh, who helped me lot in the Installation. My car is old, so it doesn't have central locking system. So I just use this system for remote start only. But for the proper Installation you must have to read the manual carefully and thoroughly!!!!Thank you..
Regarding my personal level of expertise, I am not a car audio guy but I do have a good bit of mechanical experience, I was a military helicopter mechanic for five years so I am also not a complete beginner.  I installed two remote start/keyless entry systems this Christmas for my sister and my mother. One was an Avital 4301 and this was the other. For self installers I would recommend this one. As far as installation, they do the same thing and so are installed the same way. Each one took about the same amount of time which for me was about 5 hours total. This one is probably very slightly easier due to inclusion of most of the necessary tools including a nice little +/- test light with clear instructions on how to use it to verify you have the wire you are looking for in the car and a DVD instruction video which I can't review as I didn't watch it. More importantly was the customer service. Bulldog provides on their website free wiring instructions for all applicable cars which Avital absolutely does not. They claim they do, but if you try to get one they will ask for your login which requires a not-free commercial account with them. If you call them, they will basically tell you they only work with professional installers. Bulldog on the other hand provides free customer support by phone or email as well as a very decent website where you can get most of your questions answered. In general if you aren't willing to open your dash and cut into the wires inside of it, then installing a remote starter isn't for you. However, even if it is a little bit scary and seems confusing, if you just follow the instructions and take it one step at a time, you will be fine. Also worth noting is that on first use this system may require some initialization and may need additional parts on newer vehicles, know your stuff before starting this project. Regarding use, I am not in love with the single button lock/unlock feature as it requires line of sight to verify that you have indeed locked and not unlocked your vehicle, but it does have very nice range and dedicated start and stop buttons, whereas the Avital has only one combination start/stop button. This system comes with only one remote, which is of nice build quality and feels solid in your hand as well as giving a nice factory installed appearance. The buttons have a very satisfying and definite click when you have depressed them far enough, which the Avital system does not, though it does come with two remotes which are also of decent quality. Price between the two fluctuates slightly but this one tends to be five to ten dallors more expensive which I am okay with. Overall I am very satisfied with this system and glad that my mother had it for this very cold winter.
As I first started looking for a remote starter, the first thing I did was to read the reviews of the ones I thought I may like to purchase. As I read the bad reviews for various products, I started to get nervous about trying to install this myself.To make a long story short, I said screw it and ordered the kit.I have a 1995 full size GMC Sierra pick-up. I chose this particular model for a few reasons; 1) all I wanted was remote start & keyless entry, 2) price, and 3) after doing some research, bulldog is actually made by Viper. When the system arrived, I was very pleased that not only was it on time, but it was not damaged in any way.Now, on to the fun stuff. First I should say that while I'm not an automotive electrical expert, I do have some automotive mechanical background. With that being said, whe I received the product, I was VERY nervous do to the amount of wires that I saw. But, don't let that scare you! Depending on the type of hook-up and type of options your vehicle has, you may be like me and only use a small portion of the wires.Installation..... The instructions, at least to me, were fairly simple and to the point. Anything that I was unsure of was on the dvd or the website. The dvd may not be exciting, but I reccommend that you watch it, it can be helpful. Also, the website has factory wire colors and locations to help with the install which proved to be EXTREMELY helpfull during the installation. The installation was not hard. It was a little time consuming though. It took me roughly 6 hours to complete. However, I was trying to watch my kids and I soldered all the connections.The unit works as it says and I have had no problems with it in the 3 months I have had it. To all the negative reviews on this product; If you would have read the intructions, watched the dvd, and/or visited the website, it would have probably worked a lot better for you! And to those of you thinking about doing the install yourself; If you can not install a car stereo, this may not be something you want to try!
I ordered this item for my 2002 Ford Ranger Edge.  Great price on Goldbox.The instructional dvd would NOT play.  It was scratched.After opening, I realized I needed some extra items from bulldog to make this item work with my vehicle.I emailed them numerous times, and left them numerous voice mails.  They never emailed or called back.I am sure this item works for some people, but I don't trust a company that can't back up their product by providing support.
I probably could have installed this myself, but I paid someone $50 to install it for me.  The installer could not get the panic button to work, but who cares, I can now start my car from inside and get it in when it is nice and warm/cool depending on the temperature outside.
Mine just didn't work ...I tried hard to install by myself as somehow it seems to be easy but at the end mine just didn't work. The support was pretty poor.
My original 1200 on my last vehicle was excellent.So I ordered two this time, for my newer two vehicles.Upon reciept, I saw that it was not the same as the old one.It did not look like the picture, Bulldog upgraded this model number.It looked easier to install, and the remotes were newer looking too.After installing unit one on my Toyota 4Runner, it did not work right.It started the truck, but gave a horrible whining sound after 15 seconds.I called their tech support - he tried to help, but appeared clueless.So I decided to just deal with the horrible whining sound.I started the truck later with the remote and it started fine.I than inserted the key in the ignition, and preceeded to drive away.Upon reaching my destination, I tried to turn it off with the key.It WOULD NOT shut off, I was forced to turn it off with the remote.I figuered it was a factory defect, and decided to use unit 2 instead.I left all the wiring intact, since I really know what I am doing.(I'm an AC and DC electrical man for over 35 years)Unit number two was even worst than unit number one.This one cranked the starter non-stop, as soon as I plugged in the harness.It wouldn't start the truck, just endless crank - crack - crank.I finally gave up - two defective Bulldogs with two different problems.I returned them to Amazon for a refund, and bought 2 new other ones from them.NOT BULLDOGS !!!!!!!A once great remote starter - ruined by updating something the wrong way.
As the product itself, it turned out to be not that bad, except even with the extended function it doesn't work beyond 200-300 feet (all installation 'by the book, re-checked), and you may forget about promissed 800!But this is not the worst part. The biggest problem is to get any ansers from their technical support. They are repeatedly ignoring any requests, starting from the regular customer service representatives and ending with the customer support manager, who, probably, has bigger problems than supervising his department.So, I strongly recommend to consider other suppliers of these systems. I'm sure it will be much better option!
Was not easy to install nor was it a good product. I would not recommend this product to friend.MJ
Bought and installed in 1999 Toyota Corolla(hahaha, I know I know...). Don't attempt this project unless you're very handy, have basic knowledge of electricity and mechanically inclined.Install was pretty straight forward once you've determine the ignition wiring layout. They have a nice ignition wiring diagram for most vehicles on their website. I've only activated remote start and power door lock features and they work fine.Only problem during install I encountered was that contrary to their instructions I had to connect tach input wire even though I don't have a tachometer. Once that was accomplished, everything worked nicely. Also the door lock/unlock button on the remote is too small and people with large fingers may find it difficult to operate comfortably.
I have purchased and installed several Bulldog systems over the past few years for myself, family, and friends.I have to admit that the first one or two were a little intimidating, but tech support walked me right through the issues.Now I can do them in my sleep.Very installer friendly, user friendly, and I wouldn't use anything else.Their packages and website have everything you will need to install a system.Instructional DVD's, electrical tape, wire ties, knife, splices, etc.Website has color coded diagrams of vehicle wiring systems, manuals, schematics, tech support, etc.Someone does have to be a little mechanically inclined to install, but certainly no expert.Some negative comments I believe are from people who think they just plug it in and go.When they find out that's not the case, they're unsatisfied.Don't let those comments stop you, if you're a little mechanically inclined, this is the best system for you.It's certainly the best system for me.Joe from St. Louis, MO.
Okay, several different aspects in my mind regarding this product.Installation - (To start, my experience level includes several radios installed, cigarette lighters, powered rear view mirrors etc.  I own wire cutters, voltometer, electrical tape, etc.)  I pre-read the instruction manual, went through all of the parts in the box, went to the website and read any information that I could find relative to my auto there and printed the wiring guide for my car (Toyota Sienna).  This preparation and especially  the wiring guide turned out to be a huge help.  It was during this phase that I discovered the antenna clips (necessary to get the extended range) were missed in my box.  More on that later.  It took me probably 7-8 hours to install, at least 2 of which were taking the dashboard apart and putting it and all the wiring back together afterward.  With the wiring diagram for my car, it was fairly simple to do the ignition, blower and power wires.  The brake, parking lights, dome lights and door trigger were a little tougher, and the power door wires were the most difficult (just to locate them, even with the wiring diagram.)  I was unable to install the hood switch to prevent the starter from starting when the hood is up.  That was because it took me probably another 2 hours to try and find a way through my firewall for the wire.  I never could find anything that I could see from the interior or under the hood to put the wire through.  I ended up by-passing it and taping it off.  I made sure the warning label was prominently displayed to avoid any accidents.  Also, make sure that you go to the website and see what relays you would need for your car.  You're almost guaranteed to need at least one, probably two if not more.  These are not included with the kit.  Ended up needing one to install the ignition break, so I skipped it and will have to go back later to do it.  Oh, and the installation video was helpful to just better understand the process and what to do.  I've seen it in DVD form on some sites.  I'd go for that.  Videos are a pain to skip, rewind, etc.  Be sure to read the insert regarding the unit starting in safety mode.  All it does is click and flash the lights.  You need to follow a process on the insert to get the unit out of safety mode.  I missed the insert and spent some time wondering what I'd done wrong.Operation - So far everything works great, although some features are not quite as advertised.  (More on that later.)  The range is about 30 feet, as I do not have the antenna installed yet (no clips) so I'm using the stock unit antenna.  The car starts and stops perfectly as detailed.  Pit stop works fine.  Car unlocks and locks as it should and I really like the feature where I press the brake pedal after the keys are in and the doors all automatically lock, and when I turn the car off they all unlock.  The two glitches are that when I unlock the car, the dome lights are supposed to stay on for a minute, but they go out after 20 seconds.  The second glitch is that when you turn on the key or press the brake pedal, the lights are supposed to go out instantly, but they don't.  They stay on for their full time limit.  Fortunately, these are not big issues and I'm happy with the unit's performance after about one week since installation.  As for the alarm . . . I chose not to connect the horn or siren since I hate listening to car alarms go off all hours of the night.  I may go back and install the ignition break which will protect against hot wiring and leave it at that.  So, unable to comment on the alarm side of things.  Testing the long range antenna, I was able to start it from a good distance away (sorry, no measurement to provide.  It was just a long ways, maybe a couple hundred feet.)Support - the company I purchased the product through, Electrogalaxy, was very good to work with.  They sent emails detailing each step of ordering, payment, shipping, etc.  They were good to respond about the missing clips and managed to get the product company to ship out the clips (although they have not arrived yet.)  As for BullDog, I emailed them about the clips and the glitches with product performance and haven't heard a word back from them.  It's been nearly a week.  I can live with the unit as is, so I haven't followed up, but that was my experience with them.So, overall I would recommend the system understanding that it will take time to install, will not be easy (but will be doable) and that there will likely be a product glitch or two that you can live with (based on my experience and other reviews I've read).  Remote entry is always nice, especially with kids and the remote start will be a real treat on very hot and cold days.(Sorry for the verbosity, but I did not find enough reviews prior to purchasing to really feel I could make an informed decision, so I wanted to be detailed about my experience.  I'd be happy to share more if you want to drop me an email.)Update (May 2008):  The starter has worked great since the day I installed it.  We've not had any problems.  The batteries have needed to be replaced once for each fauv and my wife's is about to quite working (but hers gets a lot of abuse from the kids.)  Aside from that, it's been a terrific buy and we've loved it.  Since I by-passed the override, I have made a point to inform anyone who works on our car that it has a remote starter.
Just installed this system in an older Range Rover.  Bulldog's on-line wiring diagram for the vehicle was extremely helpful.  RS1300 is relatively easy to integrate into the vehicle.  Programming options for the system are numerous & are helpful in making the system work with unusual vehicles such as the Rover.  Their tech service line was very helpful, and when the unit failed, they replaced it without question.This is a complex system.  Not for the novice, particularly if you're working on an unusual vehicle.  Some of the programable features are tricky to set up,  but the instructions are complete, somewhat technically written but the tech line is always there if needed.
i had instaled the system in november 2006 and by july 2007 it was completely useless it would not respond to the remotes and i could not even reset the system i had to uninstall the whole thing and now my vehicle factory anti-theft system will not shut off and can not start my car it will cost me about $150 for diagnosis to see what the problem is.
I have read several reviews from many websites. Tech support is almost nonexistent at best. With all the hassles described for installation combined with negative feedback from local auto parts stores, I believe it would better to shop for another brand of product.
First, if you are not an expert at vehicle wiring, electronics, etc then don't even consider any Bulldog Security product. Their tech support (phone or email) is as bad as it gets. It's like they read one email and put the answer in the next email recieved. I managed to install an RS1300E in a Chevy Truck but only because I had bought the T-Harness adaptor, I had the complete set of factory service manuals for this truck, digital voltmeter to test circuits and expert knowledge on vehicle wiring. The remote starter works well and has excellent range, but some of the other functions do not work as stated or described. Emails and calls to Bulldog result in answers that either do not make sense or seem to answer a different question. Their products however do seem to be good quality but they are just not installable by the average do-it-yourselfer.
I bought this to put on my 2000 chevy xtreme and it works an all but 1 thing is that the remote dont have A sequence for starting the truck so if the remote is in your pocket and you happen to bend over or sit down it will start the truck and the other bad thing is you have to be within 20feet before the remote starter will work if I had it to do over I would go to A place were they put them on and have it installed :)
the other reviewer couldn't run much power through his splitter, but thought it might be ok for cell phone chargers, etc.I wanted a splitter for my radar detector and my cell phone charger, so I thought great.I can't get any power through mine at all. The little light goes on, but the radar detector doesn't go and the cell phone charger doesn't go.I'll probably take it apart andd see if I can rewire it. It isn't worth shipping back.I really can't recommend buying one of these things from this manufacturer.
There's nothing &quot;universal&quot; about this product.  It'll split lightweight stuff like cell phones, but don't trust anything more demanding than that with this splitter.  I hooked my laptop up through it and the fuse blew within one second.  Sadly, I'd bought four of these since shipping cost as much as the item itself, and ALL FOUR died when I tried them with my laptop.  The back of the package says not to use items that use over a total of 10amps, which seemed reasonable, so I got out my ammeter and figured out that my laptop used 6amps at most, so not only is this busted, but they lie on the package.  I managed to open up the splitter and put in some more heavy duty wiring and a stronger fuse, and then it worked for a short time until I started smelling plastic melting -- it turns out even one of the springs inside couldn't handle 6amps and heated up enough to disfigure and melt plastic around it.  I give this item two stars only because you might want to plug in two cell phones simultaneously.  For anything else, beware!
I ordered 6 adjustable universal cigarette lighter splitters. I got six splitters but the are the hard plastic non adjustable kind, not at all like the ones shown. The shipping cost was almost as much as the splitters so I am not going to pay to send them back. I never got an e-mail about the substituation or response to my calls or e-mail to the company. I will not buy any thing else from them.
This is a must have, if you have two things you have to plug into the car.  This works great
This did the job I needed perfectly. Was able to charge and use head phone jack at same time. Perfect!
This  Doubler is Perfect for Charging my Cell & Bluetooth Headset on the same socket.Thanks!
I purchased 2 of these about a year ago and boy was it a good decision.  I used it to jump start my car on several occasions until I could replace my car battery. I got several starts without having to recharge. I am now really testing the AC power capability as there is a power outage post hurricane Dean.  I have found the AC power strength is not suifficient to run a small 10inch TV but I have been using a small raio on it for 2 days now (maybe about 6 hours in total so far) and have not had to recharge yet.  Excellent also for inflating tubes, tyres. Would however recommend an adapter attachment that will allow for pumping small items such as life vests etc.Overall good value for money.
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife.  The battery never stayed charged so it could never be used to jump start a vehicle.
This is perfect!  You really can't go wrong with this. It sells at a great price and works great.It's a wonderful tool for gift giving!
Anyone who's had a slow leak in one of their tires knows how difficult it can be to make the decision whether to replace the tire, or keep topping it off, as often as twice a month. This superb piece of a equipment was a lifesaver for me. I keep it in the car at all time, recharging it from the cigarette lighter so I won't be stuck without a full charge, and occasionally using it to power my notebook computer. Thankfully, I haven't had a chance to assess the jump-start capabilities, but if it functions 1/10 as well as the rest of the machine, I'd be utterly satisifed.
I have had this product for about a month and I just used it for the first time. One of my tires on my RV was low which takes 90 pounds in the tire and the compressor was rated at 200+ so it should work. I first hooked it up and the gauge on the compressor was reading about 40 pounds more than I know was in the tire because I checked it with two other tire pressure gauges. Then when I hooked it up to the the tire the end of the compressor that hooks up to the tire filler valve broke after about pumping in about 10 pounds in the tire....needless to say my tires didn't get blown up and I'm not a happy person. Since I wrote this review I have contacted wagan about my problem and they are shipping me a new unite and they were very good to work with. I hope this unite will be great.  They did stand by there product.
Sorry to say, this did not live up to my expectations.  The compressor was OK, but the power jumpstarter would not crank my car. After what I thought was a relatively short time, the Wagan unit  would not hold a charge.Wagan/Amazon replaced the original unit as the compressor gauge did not function, but I would not try this product again.
Nikwax Glove Proof is a water based treatment, with a dauber style applicator, that minimizes the amount of water that leather or fabric gloves absorb. I've used it on both leather and fabric gloves with a waterproof membrane to minimize "wetting out", and on unlined deer and elk skin leather gloves to delay saturation. After treatment the gloves still have a nice feel, and their ability to "breathe" appears to be unaffected. In motorcycle applications with hard, wind driven rain, Glove Proof will definitely improve the water resistance of your gloves. In less demanding applications, the improvement is dramatic. Will Glove Proof make the outer surface of a glove waterproof - no. But, the product does work as described and will make a significant improvement in water resistance.
Before getting this product you have to understand it's limitations. It's power is 75 Watt. It is enough to charge your phone and laptop, not enough to work+charge your laptop.This device is just the best on the market:1) Power is stable2) I never burn the car plugs with it - when the power is OVER 75, it disconect the circuit from the car3) It does not get overheatI tried other devices of different companies and was very disappointed:-if pover over 75 Watt there is a great chance that your car plus will be destroyed-a lot of devices get overheat-a lot of devices get provide very "unstable" power-a lot of devices are much bigger in sizeSo, if you understand and assume limitations, this is the best you can get (or, if your car has much stronger electrical system, I'd take 120 or 150, but it can bring the risk of burning the plugs)______________PS - I'm using this device for 2 years and very happy. Again, you have to understand limitaions - THOSE ARE NOT OF THE DEVICE, BUT OF YOUR CAR! IT'S ELECTRICAL SYSTEM CAN NOT PERFORM BETTER!
I have a Dell laptop.  This inverter provides sufficient power to recharge the battery while I drive.  But it 'cuts out' if I try to turn on the laptop to use it in the vehicle.  The information on Amazon.com doesn't make clear the limitations of this product.
I received my order on the last estimated date of arrival, but packaging was excellent and the product itself was in great condition.
I agree with another reviewer that the Groovy Girls accessories can be expensive. However, I got this buggy on clearance last Christmas and WOW. I can see why the toys are pricey -- they're made really well. The detailing and features are so cool. This buggy has fuzzy dice, molded, fabric covered seats, satin ribbon seatbelts with velcro fasteners, a clear vinyl soft windshield, and a working trunk. Granted, little girls can have almost as much fun with their Groovies in a recycled shoebox, but if you can afford it, go for it. Your little girl's childhood only comes once!
So I don't really like the whole Groovy Girl thing.  All the accessories seem overpriced to me.  As a result I've held out from buying the accessories for my daughter (age 5).  Last Christmas, this was the first thing she purchased with her "grandma money."  Truly she has loved it.  She puts the dolls in and chugs them around to picnics and other imaginary events.  Though it is still a pricey toy, I would now highly recommend it for the sheer joy it gave my child.
I added this to my daughters groovy collection and she loves it.  This was her number one request for X-Mas...
i love my LoadWarrior!  It's a very handy extension of cargo space when I am offroading or camping.  Easily mounted to my factory roof rack (Nissan Xterra).  Works well with the Yakima spare tire carrier, or just to hold items that simply won't fit inside.
...before they even got here.  Used during a power outtage, but the deformed shape made them hard to stand upright.
The item description specifically states the candles are 1-1/2&#34; x 5&#34;.  I bought them to fit my candle holder specifically because they are supposed to be 1-1/2&#34; diameter.  However, the box the candles came in states they are 1.25&#34; in diameter and I checked - they are too small for the candle holder.  If you are going to advertise a size, make sure it's the size you state; I would not have purchased these candles if I had known they were so small.
What is to say, It's a candle for camping they are long burning type. THey burn nice and slow and don't really make a large wax pool.
This product is for srorage use. Have no opinion on this productEight more words requiredMore info to come
I purchased this product to keep in the closet, in case of a power outage.  So far, I have not been able to use them.  However, I can tell you that the back of the box states the candles burn 8-10 hours.The candles are manufactured in Canada, and the metal candle holders are made in Taiwan.My only complaint is that they are rather tall and narrow and could possibly be knocked down.  I would advise placing them on a plate or dish just to be safe.Also, candles are useless without matches, so be sure to staple a book of matches to the box once you buy them.
This was a great purchase for the boys are in scouts and needed something for a special camping tripThey were nervous about being in the dark so it all worked out well
Great extension to what is already a great roof rack.  Now I can put even more stuff up top of my vehicle when heading on a road trip, to the snow, beach or out of town to meet up with family and friends.
Fast, easy, inexpensive. Great seller. Expedited delivery & quick to ship. Is a nice extention for my current load warrior. It fit great & was easy to install.
Adds extra storage space. Sliding this section in is super easy and and the tie bar can placed any where you may need it to support bike mount or other mounts.
I ordered this to extend my existing Yakima Load Warrior on my Jeep Grand Cherokee.  Fits fabulously! I get compliments on the new setup all the time.  Shipping from Amazon is also amazing. When i am looking for a product, I immediately look to see if it is fulfilled by Amazon.  Great job amazon.  Keep up the good work!
Just home from camping with this rack.  Doubles the capacity of my 4Runner.  Easy mount to factory roof rack.  Looks and is strong.  Easy to use.  You get what you pay for.  There are cheaper racks, but this is clearly is the best!
perfect fit, nicely extends the cargo area of the standard basket.  Only problem was that when I went to remove the screws to disassemble the original rack so that I could install the extension, I found that one of the screws was stripped.  This could only have happened at the factory upon assembly of the original rack.  This made it a pain in the rear to install the extension cause I had to drill out the screw and replace with something else.  I am very disappointed in Yakima for this.  Has nothing to do with the extension - it's a problem with the original rack.
My Pilot looks like a boss when the carrier is installed. Now it looks like a BIG boss with this extension. I see other SUVs out there with a cheap skinny carrier and it makes the car look bad.
There are several complaints around the web about stripped hardware and they seem to be accurate.
Exactly what I needed.  I have two of these extensions on my explorer sport and it fits my roof line perfectly.  I modified mine into a ladder rack with an off road light bar on the front.
My son had a smaller verion- that we found could be expanded!  I got it for him as a birthday gift- and we were both amazed at how easy it was to install and how strong it is- holding all his stuff!!! Great product.
Excellent protection for your DynaLite heads.  A must have to protect those expensive tubes.  Compact lite and perfect protection.
This is some AMAZING yellow plastic. This little piece of yellow plastic keeps you light from being broken. It's totally worth buying. BUY IT. YOU WANT THAT! BUY IT!
Go to the Company's website that makes these fuses you can get 5 for the same price after shipping. It was a proper fuse but at the price I feel like buying them and selling them on here myself .
Works as good as they say maybe better. I would recommend for anybody with a cough.  Watch the video online it really does work just as it shows with the deer standing there as you cough and your silencer Really does harsh Your cough I would guss 98%.
Love this product. I have asthma, and the occasional cough that is no big deal in the office is a death sentence in a tree stand or duck blind.I hunted with this product last year when I had a chest cold, and it was a godsend. Not only did it quiet my hacking cough, but after the hunt was done, it broke down quickly and cleaned easily with soap and water, so I wouldn't get sick again when I used it the next time. The inside of silencer is a muffler design that uses plain old cotton balls, and those are cheap and easy to replace as well.A very well thought-out and functional piece of hunting gear, and one that I can't do without. Not only would I buy this again, it's one I am proud to recommend to anyone who thinks they may need one, even to complete strangers.
Works very well, the only thing I can say as far as a con.  The retaining cover fell off, and I couldn't find it.  I guess I have to make one.
Keeping quiet when deer hunting is crucial if you want to take the meat home.  The Silencer helps me to do just that, even when I have a cough or cold. I have been able to stay in the tree and harvest my quarry despite a nagging cough that surely would have given away my location! A total thumbs up for Silencer!!
It appears to work correctly...  Shhh... Im hunting wrabbit.  It was easy to figure out, thank goodness because the insturctions were lacking.
Being a skeptic at heart I was pleasantly surpised to find this little device does what the advertising says it will do. As a lifelong smoker, one of the problems I have while hunting is unexpected coughing. The Cough silencer will completely silence all but the deepest cough. A week or so after receiving it I took a 15 point buck that scored 176-4/8 from 15 yards with my bow. During that 2 hour sit in my stand I used the Cough Silencer a number of times. I'm not saying that it brought that buck in, but I will say it helped in not scaring it off.
Ordered one set of these for my 2009 Toyota Tundra to haul a 15' canoe and 2 kayaks while towing a 6x12 trailer.  Due to the trailer I needed my hitch free and I had to be careful of clearance from the tailend of the truck.  Also purchased a set of racks for the top of the truck and between the 3 we have great holds and support for all 3 items.  Bars go on and off pretty easy.  Had difficulties at first due to socket in my toolbox not deep enough to tighten well and using a wrench was a pain.  Ran down to Sears and for $3 I was in heaven.  Problem solved!  Bar seemed flimsy for support while putting up but man oh man, once up, it is solid like a rock.
The way this item was advertized is as all four support towers and both laod bars, what I received was two support towers and the end caps to the load bars...the load bars that are not included. After receiving this item I found everything is sold separately
What you see is not what you get.  Read carefully.  I bought something better for much less more on craigslist.
Saw a local ad for a canoe I've wanted for 20 years -- the Mad River Explorer with wood trim and cane seats. Took the plunge when the little missus surprisingly said OK (at 57, she's looking to turn some new leaves, viz. her outdoors attachments).  We bought it on impulse then faced  the problem of having a pick-up with no racks.  Ipso, more expense.  What to do?  Exhaustive (& exhausting) searches on line revealed that most canoe-worthy rack systems for my '95 Tacoma would be either ugly or prohibitively expensive -- some topping $1,200, with self-installation.  We settled on a Yakima system: Q-towers and clips for the cab-end, the Yakima Outdoorsman 300 for the bed.  I read many Amazon reviews on Yakima stuff, including the Outdoorsman, and some of it was pure B.S.  Here's the thing, campers: Yakima stuff, as well-made as it is, is not made for construction sites or the hauling of massively heavy stuff -- like, say, 800 pounds of lumber or the roof beams for your new trophy home in Montana.  But unless you're Lewis and Clark, hauling canoes hewn from Missouri River cottonwood trees, Yakima is ideal for sports equipment (and certainly for other uses, up to a reasonable point).  No, it's not cheap (do you want cheap?); but it's beautifully designed and comes with instructions that even a non-mechanical doofus like myself can follow.  I live in Washington State, where getting stoned is now legal; one does not want to get stoned before setting to work on Yakima rack installation, but with a clear head and a dab of fortitude, one can readily assemble the system and end up, as I did, with a safe, secure, rock-solid set of good-looking racks.  On our first trip (to Montana's Missouri River, to chop down some cottonwood trees, just kidding), I received numerous rest-stop compliments on my system.  It was the first time anyone ever said to me, &#34;Hey, buddy, nice rack!&#34;Some reviewers seem to feel deceived that when they unpacked the box for the Outdoorsman, they discovered the absence of the cross-bar and realized they'd now have to plunk down another stash of bucks to purchase the actual gizmo their stuff will ride on.  These folks simply didn't do the research.  READ CAREFULLY.  There is no deception here. Yakima systems are modular: one has to purchase each component (which often come in pairs).  So . . . you buy a pair of Q-towers, a separate pair of clips, a separate pair of cross-bars, etc.  The price of the Outdoorsman is for 2 uprights, not 4.  Yes, it adds up -- that's why God invented calculators.  But I found that for overall quality, the Yakima system beats most everything at a comparable price.  And, no drilling thru my bed-rails (the bolt-in braces work wonderfully), no messing up my truck roof (the clips and Q-towers are brilliantly designed and impressively solid), and even with the single rack spanning my roof, I can still pop open the sun panel.  Proof came in the punch: 1,200 miles of driving with the Mad River madly secure on top.  Torrential rains in eastern Montana, heavy cross-winds (we actually saw Lewis and Clark fly across the highway at one point, holding hands with Sacajawea), and nary an inch of movement, shimmy or shudder from the racks.  I'm a fan.
If you own a truck do not buy. Racks are flimsy and load bars inadequate. The point of a rack system over a truck is to allow versatility. The outdoorsman is light duty surfboard or canoe stuff. If you buy it you will regret.
Had these for a while and still looking new.easy to put on and safely locks the crossbars in place. crossbars sold seperately.dont know about weith but on fishing trips it keeps my poles and canopy poles out of my bed so I have more room for other stuff.
This was and is a truly useful product.  Canoe and kayak are secure.  Great priceAnd best of all.........it was delivered to my front door.  Drivingaround and going to different stores is not a great option after 5 pm in Dallas used amazonPrime!!!!!!!! Ready to head to the river Saturday AM
When I sold the Bronco and bought a F-250, I was concerned about kayak transportation and keeping storage capacity.The Outdoorsman 300 fit the bill to a tee! I can load multiple kayaks on the rack and still have the bed for bikes, coolers and other camping gear. Once at the campsite, take off the kayaks and place a tarp over the rack for shade over your coolers, or for a seat if you don't have a gazebo for shade.Great idea and accessory for your fullsize truck, and Yakima stands behind their products. Place some hully rollers and saddles on the crossbars for easy loading overhead.
I agree with other reviewers, display is misleading. you do not receive the full set or crossbars. Truly disappointing and false advertising.
I bought this product to use on my 2005 Tacoma because it was advertised to be a good fit. The assemly does not fit right and the instructions say I may have to alter my truck. Give me a break! After I thought I had the rack on the back end of my truck pretty tight I went out for a drive and it fell off! Glad it landed in the bed and that my kyak was not on it.
Everything was as represented and the service was great. I used the truck rack to make a kayak rack on my trailer and it worked well.
The product is excellent but got ripped off, it looks like your going to get two packages of two, in reality you only get one package of two. So I ended up paying more than double the price for what I found it for through different source on amazon.
Yakima products are always great! Never been disappointed with them and they always are direct fit. Good bracket! A little pricey but it was well worth it now. I've got 3 of them mounted on my Yakima Loadwarrior w/ 4 Hella ff75 Lights across them and they are great!
Product looks heavy duty and durable and was almost half the price of similar and lesser items.
Not much to say about these.  They're quality jumper cables, the length is convenient, they come in a nice little velcro bag, and they work gud.  I accidentally ordered 2 but I'm glad I did.  One for the trunk and one for the garage.Jumper cables - have them.
Bought these for use on my ATV and they work great. The quality seems very good and they are long enough to provide necessary connection between two ATVs and even my lawn mower when I needed to give it a jump start. Its also compact enough to put in my front storage locker of my ATV. Highly recommend.
This is one of those items for a motorcycle that you hope you never need, but if you need them, nothing else will do. The cables are well made with the clamps firmly attached. Having the Velcro on the bag is handy for easy storage. A good product, but, hey, they're just jumper cables.John
These things are great! I'm always leary of products that aren't "full size" or are intended to substitute for the real thing. That is not the case with these cables. They have enough length to reach between cars but are small and flexible enough to fit into a very small space in my truck. Exactly what I was looking for.
Though I have not yet had to use them, the product has a compact size and is great for those rare emergencies when ones battery dies. Perfect for carrying and stashing away in your car.
After my Seadoo broke down on the lake I decided I should have a better tow rope on board.  I called around to all the boat shops and PWC dealers in my area and also checked with boat repair shops looking for a tow rope designed for a PWC.  No one had anything that was made for a PWC.  All the tow ropes I found had a very large hook on the front that was much too large for a PWC.  I was happy to find this tow rope that fit my Seadoo perfectly.  The latch is very heavy duty so I am pleased that it is a quality latch and snaps back smoothly.  The item arrived in a sufficient amount of time.  It was exactly what was pictured.  I really like how compact it is.  The storage bag is about 7 or 8 inches long and maybe 5 inches wide.  I now have the peace of mind that I have the appropriate tow strap on board in the (hopefully unlikely) event I ever need another tow in.  For anyone wondering about the maximum tow capacity of this rope it says the PWC should not exceed 900 lbs in weight.  I paid more for it ($10.00 which included shipping) through this location but am satisfied that it arrived as stated and I have Amazon backing my purchase.  I've seen this same item listed under the names Kwik Tek and Jet Logic.  On the box it indicates that Jet Logic is a division of Kwik Tek so either way you are getting the same product.
A sailboat was drifting towards danger, sail down and tied, and its engine stalled and wouldn't start. I asked the Captain if he needed assistance and he replied yes. I immediately took out the tow strap from my PWC storage compartment and got it ready for use. It took seconds to get ready for the hook up to the sailboat. I drifted with the sailboat and his engine finally started. The sailboat motored to safety. So, while I didn't use the tow strap, having it ready in the bag was a major plus. The rating may eventually get  5 stars when I do get a chance to use it. I have a couple other lines on board that could tow, but.....they aren't quickly available for emergency use.
I AM REALLY HAPPY WITH THESE. I AM GONNA PUT THEM IN BOTH OUR OUR JET SKIES. WELL MADE PRODUCT
Decent lock, quality cable. Bought it just replace a 6 footer. Design is very nice too, smart, adjustable length. Lock itself is a little cheap but it does the job and has a rubber cover for it so that helps with the elements. It's not to bulky and fits in my handle bar bag. If there was an option 4.5 stars, that would be my rating.
This is just to discourage the 12 year old from taking your bike for a joy ride and then dumping it,  The length is very handy as I loop in through my seat so that cannot be stolen and then both front and back wheels when securing it to my cars bike rack.
I misread what this item was used for so I wasted money and don't feel like returning it afterwards. Wasn't to happy with this purchase.
METAL BENT THE FIRST TIME I USED IT AND TRIED TO SET THE COMBINATION. THIS WILL NOT SECURE ANYTHING. AND TO TOP IT OFF BECAUSE IT IS 32 DAYS PAST MY PURCHASE DATE AMAZON WILL NOT RETURN!
Outstanding fine piece of equipment, versatile, easy to use, firmly secures the bicycle to either a stationary object or the bike itself.
this lock is great, very sturdy and rubber coated. comes with a rubber cover for the lock so wont rust
So far, so good. Locking system is very intuitive. It looks sturdy too. I love this product and it was well priced.
So last night, someone broke into the area where over 50 bikes are held at our condo complex.  Most of the bikes were left behind, because they had Kryptonite locks. Guess whose was one of the first stolen?  They were able to cut right through this and steal my brand new bike.  This is a piece of crap, it took them no time to steal my bike at all.  I don't recommend it at all, all that's left behind is a cut lock and no bike.  Get something better, I am not out a very expensive bike all because I cheapened out on a lock.
I PURCHASED IT TO LOCK MY UNDER DESK ELLIPTICAL TO MY DESK.  IT WAS STRONG AND LONG ENOUGH.  IT WORKED PERFECTLY.
great product...long enough to attach two bikes-wheels-seats.  Simple to use. works for my intended use & wouldstop a grab-and-run situation, but probably would not stop someone with a rugged/big cable cutter.
excellent fast shiping good lock, i use it to lock 4 of my bikes together on a rear bike rack so if im going to stop to get a snak no one will be able to remove my bikes.
Compare to similar cable lock, this is the cheapest one and it's also good quality! I will buy one more for my second bike!
When I first got this I was checking out the cable and I thought it was really high-quality, I was excited. That lasted about 30 seconds; that's when I realized the lock piece was missing. A long piece of cable isn't going to lock up my bike unless I tie in a really confusing knot LOL! I contacted Amazon and they are sending me a new one so it is being taken care of. But it sucks I have to wait even longer to use a product I bought. Maybe after I received the new one and use it for a little while I'll update this review.
I bought a four bike hitch mounted rack that came with an 8' cable lock.  With the 8' cable lock, I was unable capture every wheel and every frame, so this lock was needed.  While I was 1000 miles from home on a family vacation, the mechanism in the hitch provided cable lock broke and I was really glad I had this one. The lesson learned is any lock is better than no lock, so having a backup is a good idea.  I gave this lock four starts because it is too small of diameter to prevent any slightly motivated thief, although the same can probably be said for the hitch provided cable that is nearly twice the diameter. In combination with a second cable it provided me with a satisfactory level of comfort to take the family in to a restaurant provided I had a view of my vehicle from my table.
Using this to hold my spare in the bed of my truck and it works just as it should. very strong and long enough to do several passthroughs to ensure a tight tie down. Entire cable is encased with a rubber cover.
This bike cable lock is strong.  you can reset your combination code also.Great lock. My friend bought one too. Very reasonably priced.
This combination Cable lock worked very well for my/ my family's purposes.  I'm glad that I don't have to carry around another key in my pocket as I ride.  Nor do I have to keep track of another key so that I can get my bicycles from the bike rack/ hitch on my SUV.  I recently purchased a bike rack that can hold up to 5 bikes, and I was concerned that this trimax will simply not be long enough to thread through my 5 bicycles and then be locked/ secured to the hitch of my SUV.  I was wrong- it was just long enough to be secured to my vehicle, and give me piece of my that my bicycles are not going to be stolen as my family and I stop by at a rest stop to get some sandwiches or something.  A very good purchase to complement your hitch and keep your bicycles secure to your vehicle.  I highly recommend this cable combination lock.
This cable was just what I needed to secure two bikes on the back of my car. The lock is a little unusual, but it works if you follow the directions. No complaints and if you shop around for a cable this size, you'll find this is a great deal.
I use this for a tandem bike and the length allows me to secure the bike and wheels.  Having a combination is better than having to remember a key.
Bought this to secure my bike rack and bikes to my car. The length is good and wraps nicely around 2 bikes on a Yakima hitch rack. I'd guess you could even do four bikes, if needed.The combo lock is kind of hard to use and line up. Plus you have to make sure it's aligned right to even insert it into the chain.The quality of this lock is of the kind that &#34;it keeps honest folks honest&#34; but I doubt it would slow down someone determined to take your bikes.
The 10 ft length is excellent for locking up two bicycles.  It is easy to use and doesn't scratch up our bicycles.
We use this to temporarily secure our expensive City Elite stroller in the mall (e.g. when we go into a restaurant). This lock cable would not deter any serious thief, but it does prevent the stroller from walking off. It's long enough to tie around a post, and the resettable combination means I don't have to remember another code. Recommended.
I found the cable clipped into little pieces outside the grocery store in NYC and my bike was gone, of course. Don't buy this thrash unless you want to get your stuff stolen.
Product has worked great for locking up two bikes, and making sure all wheels and frames are secure. Usually there is an ample amount of length to do so with this lock.Great buy for the price.
I bought this to use on a hitch style bike rack with no locking capability. This product is great as I don't need to carry another key with me, I can simply unlock with a quick combo. I use this lock when taking my bike and the wife's bike downtown where we wouldn't really leave them unattended for long periods. We might run in to a gas station or eat lunch and not worry about the bikes but I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS FOR LONG TERM OR OVERNIGHT USE but then again if you bought this to use overnight I'm not sure you're being fair to the intended use of this product. Product is perfect for short term bicycle or other item needs.
I have a brand-new trike, which I park in car's parking space, with the bike cable wrapped around the adjoining pillar.  The first cable I bought was just barely too short to wrap around the pillar and the trike frame.  Finding a 10' cable is incredibly difficult.The tumblers on this one feel really secure.  The key is a little harder to separate from the tumblers, but I expect that will loosen up with time.  Once it's in, though, it's locked down tight.  One word of caution: when you put in the combo to open it, the "key" will be stubborn; when you go to lock it back up again, put in the key, hold it inserted in the tumblers, spin the dials, and *then* you can let go.  It slips in and out really easily once it's pulled free.
Not &#34;top-of-line&#34;, but that isn't what I paid for.  Love it. Great value for basic needs and would order again.
This items was exactly what I was looking for to secure my bicycle at place where the usual six foot cord would not.  And, I especially like the "no key" type of lock!
Very sturdy cable and good workmanship for the price. Easy to change the combination numbers.I am using it for my porch furniture and it works great
Ordered two trimax resettable bicycle locks, one worked, one didn't.  Contacted the company, they emailed a warranty claim, I filled it out and emailed it back, didn't hear anything from them.  Emailed another copy, still nothing, as if they dropped off the face of the earth.  If you want a bicycle lock that works, don't buy Trimax.
Well made lock!I would have given it a higher rating if the cable would have been a larger diameter.
Nice thick cable, easy to change combo, and easy to lock/unlock.
I've bought three of these so far for different uses.  One of them holds my 14ft Kayak on the beach where it gets pretty windy.  the weatherproof cover is great for keeping it from rusting, and from sand jamming up the combination.  it's heavy duty and a great value.
No matter how carefully you line up the combination, this is one stubborn lock. Usually take 5-6 attempts.No way would I recommend this cable lock
I got this just in chase I needed a spare! No problem with it so far.  Good to have a spare!
Pin came in when promised and was packaged nicely.  Fits my class V receiver, new truck had, every other one I have is too short.
First-rate!
Everything OK. (Impossible to write an exiting review about a purchase of $3 metal pin.)
The product was excellent quality for a reasonable price. It was just the right size for my 13&#34; spare with not too much excess cable to try and deal with.
Someone pried one of the two ears from the hook that holds the spare tire underneath my Nissan Titan. I spent $350 getting a replacement, and then bought this thing in an attempt to protect it. It was just the right size and installed easily. So far so good.
I'm using this to secure the spare tire on my utility trailer. It has a nice thick cable and it's not too long like a bicycle cable lock. Tubular locks are not my favorite, but overall this device seems like a pretty good deterrent for the casual thief. I did notice that the ring on one end of the cable was drilled out way off center. Maybe not the best quality control? (See it in the pic I posted.) I'm pretty happy with it overall and would recommend it without hesitation.
I thought that this might not have enough length, but it turned out it was too long. But no problem, I just wrapped it around my tire rod and it fits great. I have to assume the lock will do what it is supposed to do, cannot really test this out too much.First one I ordered came without keys or a cover, but Amazon corrected it quickly.For a 2009 Ford van that has the tire on the rear door.
After the loss of one tire during this nifty economic downturn, I picked up this cable to secure my Jeep Wrangler's external tire to the mount frame. Thirty seconds of work, and I'm no longer afraid of losing the tire when I head out.Well, unless they steal the whole car, since a two year old with a solid knowledge of velcro could steal a Wrangler, but I have insurance for the whole car. This lock is great insurance for just the tire.
The cable is untrustworthy and extremely thin. After a week withbit my tire was stolen and only I was left with the head of the cable.
I bought a cable from the dealership to protect my spare tire on my Wrangler and once I saw how thick this one was, I replaced the dealership unit with this beast!  If you want to protect your spare and it's just bolted on to the back of your Jeep, buy one of these!
This cable fits perfectly through a hole in the tongue of my boat trailer and through one of the lug holes in the spare tire.
I like this lock, but a little heads up ...  I have a 2012 Wrangler and you will need to drill a hole through the aluminum tire holder, as it's not a straight shot through the wheel cap.  I had a mechanic friend do it right for me, and I definitely like the added level of security for the price.  I feel it's a solid buy for the price
Easy to use when I move my spare tire between my boat and utility trailer to keep the tire secure.
Ordered one and it arrived without keys and the rubber cover, ordered a replacement and that also arrived without keys and the cover.  What is going on?
Bought this to lock my spare tire to my car dolly. It works great. I now have peace of mind that my spare tire will be there when I need it. Thanks Trimax.
After having the lock installed for a little over a year I decided to check the lock to see if I could get it off if I needed to.  The lock was rusted and the locking mechanism was frozen - I couldn't even get the key into the lock.  Looks to be just another piece of Chinese junk.
Perfect for what I needed. Spare tire mounted outside the vehicle and I felt it would added the protection I wanted.Yes I would recommend this lock
This cable lock fit my 2012 Tundra perfectly.  The length it just right and the quality it very high which is hard to believe for the price.
I have a 2013 Dodge Ram 1500 and it fits percectly around spare and through hole on the underside of the truck. It's just long enough and won't drag.
BOUGHT THIS AFTER READING THE REVIEWS. TWO THINGS I DID TO ENHANCE THE PRODUCT: 1) ROUNDED THE INNER EDGES OF THE EYELET HOLE ON BOTH SIDES TO ELIMINATE THE SHARP EDGES CUTTING INTO THE PLASTIC COVERING 2) BOUGHT A PKG OF 1/2 INCH DIA.x 4 INCH LONG SHRINK-WRAP TUBING FROM LOWES(2.00) AND SLIPPED ONE OVER EACH END SO IT COVERS THE GAP BETWEEN THE PLASTIC COVERING AND THE METAL END PIECE AND USED A 1500W HAIR-DRYER TO SHRINK THE TUBING DOWN A VERY WX TIGHT FIT!!!
It locks my spare trailer tire. It's long enough to clear what I need to clear, with a little room to spare. Easy to get on/take off.
It works perfectly, it looks like it will fi any tire !!! Defently I wll recommend this product to my friends.
...since it had to be tweaked a little to fit our RV spare tire.  It seems to be made well and should keep amateur thieves away...
Great product. This allows me to fish and stop thinking about someone stealing my spare tire while I concentrate on fishing.
I added this to my spare on my boat trailer. It was plenty long and built well. Not much else to say.
It may not be the highest security that you can buy but it is easy to install and remove and will give someone trying to steal your spare tire a hard time. As a police officer, I have found that if they can't get something off a car in a few minutes, they will leave it and go on to the next car. Good product.
This fits perfect on my Tacoma PreRunner. Great fit and easy to use. I will be buying one more for my cousin's van.
Bought these to use at our rental agency as spares were being taken from our Jeep Wranglers in hotel parking lots.  Have had none taken since using these locks.  I've probably put on 20-30 of them.
This works perfectly and sets my mind at ease with all the light fingered individuals out there ready to lift your battery, propane tank and whatever else they can get their hands on..
It is perfect to secure your spare tire to tire carrier or bumper. Easy to use and sturdy. Is not a eyesore, and seems well made, i highly recommend this to keep thieves honest, it wont guarentee a determined thief wont steal your expensive wheel/tire, but when the thief see's the steel cable wrapped through the wheel, it won't be so much a snatch and grab. Some piece of mind to myself. I run 31.10.50 x 15&#34; wheels (over $350 each wheel/tire x 5 = $1750), with a Smitybilt tire carrier, the 36&#34; cable was plenty long enough.
It's not going to stop someone that really wants your spare.  It's basically like a bike lock.  Nothing fancy or extremely thick.  I'm sure a pair of bolt cutters will cut right through it.  However, its better than having nothing protecting your spare.
Great product for the price. Also shipping was very fast. This cable can keep thief out of your bike or your vehicule. It is strong and works as a describe.
Seems to work well.  Sturdy!  Nice nylon cover and the lock mechanism seems to be strong.  I would recommend it, but have not been using it for too long, so who knows what could happen in the future.
long enough to secure sparte tire through chasis; where tire is located under back of bed on 94 S10 pi kup.
This is just what I was looking for,  perfect size for the spare on my 90 4runner.  Looped it through the spaces in the wheel and locked in the back.  Nice for the added security.
Works great on the spare tire for my Jeep Wrangler! There isn't much more that I can say about it.
If you live in Chicago and drive an SUV, you need a spare tire lock. I doubt this cable lock will prevent someone from stealing my tire for the second time if they REALLY want to steal it, but hopefully it will deter them enough to steal someone else's tire.The cable is long enough to secure the spare tire in my 2003 Toyota 4-Runner which is mounted under the truck.I'm giving this a 4 because the rubber sheathing was slightly shorter than the cable revealing a handy place for some bolt cutters to bite into my new security system.I'll keep my fingers crossed that the lock works years from now and that no one steals my tire in the process.
My spare tire was stolen from under my 2007 Toyota Tacoma, right out of my driveway! After getting a replacement spare tire ,  ,,I needed a cable lock to secure it to the frame,,, If youre looking for a spare tire lock this thing is the real deal, forget those cable locks made for bikes, ,combinations are easy to mess with and open up,plus they are like 6 feet long !!,I checked out alot of bike cable locks,but this cable lock is super heavy duty,made for a truck , not a bike,, ,, I like that it has a rubber cap over the locking mechanism to keep dirt and grime out,it comes with 2 keys and more keys can be ordered thru the company, they were very helpful when I e-mailed them about ordering extras,,,, it measures about 3 feet, long enough to go around my spare tire  and thru a hole in the frame and lock up with very little slack,, I also like the slip-knot like function of this cable lock, super secure, super easy to open and close, and is no where near dragging on the ground. Im sure every cable can be cut but I feel very secure that no one will try messing with this thing once they take a look at it.
As the owner of a custom van, the last thing I need is for my expensive spare tire and rim to be stolen. This lock was perfect as I can lock the rim to the spare tire mount. The radial key is a little bulky for the key ring, but I usually keep it in the van anyway.
Because of the recent escalation in spare tire theft, I had to find something that would deter thieves after my spare tire.  the cable is very thick and it will make it very difficult for thieves to try to cut the cable and run off with the spare.  I highly recommend it... especially if you have a full size alloy spare that is under your suv/truck.
Better than the competition.  This is a quality product that should be kept clean and periodically lubricated to keep it operating smoothly and last a long time.
I can speak with surety about this product because I have owned it for five years. It received very little use the first 3.5 years. It worked great the few times I used it for those years. I only had it on the hitch when towing, and I removed it once towing was completed. But then I started towing a lot and left it in place for the last 1.5 years. Recently, I needed to take it off my hitch and found the lock was seized. Nothing worked to unlock it, so I had to cut it off; a long process that I did not have time for since I was in a hurry to get on the road. Once I pulled out the pin, I saw the pin was badly rusted within the receiver. So, in 1.5 years, this lock rusted fast and became useless.Here is the good:1. It is sturdy and seems to be very secure.2. The rubber key cover works as advertised and lasts a long time.3. Easy to operate.4. Out of the way from my chain connections.5. Fits my hitch very well. I have seen other reviewers complain about it being too long for class 3 and 4 hitches. I can't figure out why they have a problem with that. There is very little side-to-side motion, which does not affect anything.Here is the bad:1. Chrome plated. This means the metal it is made from is not corrosion resistant.2 You have to keep the lock lubricated very frequently (like once or twice a month) to get decent life out of it (too much maintenance for me).3. The corrosion problem could lead to structural failure without warning. That could mean losing your trailer on the road.4. The lock mechanism can seize up from corrosion. If you end up having to cut this off your hitch, there is possibility of damaging the chrome or paint of your bumper because the cutter can and probably will slip.Because of the corrosion problem, I would not buy this again. I would pay more for a receiver lock that is corrosion proof. Too bad those are hard to find, but I did find a Fulton that claims to be rust proof; so I will try that one.
This lock appears to be nearly identical to the old masterlock design.  That one built up rust inside the lock mechanism, so this will probably do the same. It is a few mm's shorter than the masterlock and barely clears my curt hitch holes, so you may want to try before you buy on this one.
My old hitch lock rusted shut and I had to cut it off, so I decided to go stainless and I am glad I did! This lock works great and has not rusted in the year I have owned it, which is good considering all the salt put on the roads in the winter. Now if only the rest of my truck would stop rusting...
I'm a repeat-buyer of trimax and have another that is not stainless and still functions perfectly.  For the extra couple of bucks it made perfect sense to upgrade to stainless for my other SUV.  The o-rings on the shaft-side of the lock, as well as the rubber cover over the seal keeps the lock literally maintenance-free.  Go ahead! Submerge this lock under water while backing your boat down the ramp.  It'll take anything you throw at it.  Smooth mechanicals and positive lock safety built-in make this lock a must-have.
I like this, it's stainless steel and seems well built. I oiled mine real well before installing so hopefully it won't seize up from the weather. I am leaving my hitch on all the time to help protect the back of my truck.
this is a very nice stainless steel design.  Mine was a bit longer than necessary so I put a few O-rings on the pin to keep it from rattling.  The rubber cap covering the key hole could be a better design to fit more securely but I'd buy it again.
Nice quality locking pin. I use it in the snow and salt and it functions perfectly. Still looks good after a couple years use.
This Receiver Lock is exactly what I was hoping for when I ordered it.  I recently bought a new Toyota Tacoma, 4x4, 4-Dr, with the Off Road Package.  It came with a Class-4 receiver hitch.  I already owned a Master Receiver Lock and had planned to use it on my new truck.  However, the Toyota has a little extra reinforcement around the receiver and that was just enough to make the Master receiver lock not quite long enough.  I read the reviews on this product and someone else had run into this problem as well, and they stated that this receiver pin was a little longer and would work on Toyota's.  They were absolutely correct.  It goes on with no problems and is actually, noticeably easier to lock.  This may not seem like a big deal if you have never had a receiver lock, but it always took me entirely too long to get the Master Receiver Lock to actually lock.  Those problems are now a thing of the past.  The Trimax Receiver Lock is very easy to lock into place.Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a high quality receiver lock!
seems like the kind of stainless steel that shouldn't rust. There is an o-ring in the lock part that fits over the oin, but it does not make a tight seal. Will keep it lubricated and hope for the best.
I could not lock the pin until I ground off about 1/8" of metal on each side of the receiver around the hole, tapering it to match the shoulders of the lock.  Chevy and GMC HD 2500/3500 pickups put on an honest Class V hitch that is a full 3 1/2 across, and in spite of the claim, this product is just a bit short.  Regardless of the needed modification this is a quality lock that should deter even an ambitious thief!  I would not recommend grinding on the lock as that might weaken it.
The rubber cover over the key area does not stay on very well.... I use it on my Motorcoach to secure my drop receiver and tow hitch...
Ive try before other receivers and finally I found one easy to use and reliable.  I would recommend it. Great product.
Item seemed like it was rugged and sturdy, however I could not get it to lock.  I put as much hand pressure on it to try to get it into the locked position but was unable to.  Returned the lock back to Amazon.
I bought my first one about 5 years ago.  It is rugged and has withstood the test of time and usage.  Works today just as well as it did when I bought it.  No signs of wear and I have no reservations about recommending this lock.
hello,i received this product very quickly. thanks to the quick hands of the Seller. the product is currently being used in the receiver of my three way hitch ball system. it is as advertised. very quick to take on and off!!! no hassle 1/4 turn!! works and looks great with the finish it has. i would highly recommend the purchase and use of this device, to prevent theft of your receiver ball hook up!! they are not cheap. you just hope they don't take whats hooked to it.at the time. GET ONE !!!!, and save yourself some tears, and aggravation. countless people have walked back to their trucks and cars, coming from Walmart, to find their hitch gone!!  :( it only takes five seconds or less to remove from your vehicle, without the LOCK!!! hope this helps you make up your mind.  :)  concerned Tim
I ordered 2 of these locks. They came keyed with the same key for both, which will be nice. One lock fit perfectly on the end, the other was very difficult to get on. I figured out that the internal rubber gasket had some extra material on it, and will need to be replaced. I'm hoping the vendor will send me a replacement gasket, it just pops in and out of there. I may have to buy one at the hardware store. Overall the locks seem very nice.
Considering this is made in China, it is a quality product, too bad all my locks are keyed to the some number
I read a review on another Trimax lock that said this SXT3 will fit Toyota hitches but this one did not work on my Tundra...it was close, but not long enough for me to get the lock engaged.  Trimax offers a dozen or so locks but only the SXT5 or the T5BLK have a 3.5&#34; vs 2 3/4&#34; span of this and only the SXT5 is available on Amazon.
Haven't had any issues with this, and looks to be a solid piece.  Worked well in the rain and such with no rust to report.
man it's hard to come up with a title for this. and it's a mixed reviewIt works.  It's metal, strong, rust-resistance (it's not a grade of rust-proof stainless as there are already spots from road-salt), but given the narrow space where it fits, it's difficult to get the locking end on and off.  It's hard to get a good grip on it,  even with the knurling on the ends.  But the ends ARE small enough so there's no interference with other hardware.  The hitch on my truck is just wide enough outside that there's almost to end-play on the lock shaft which makes getting the end on even more difficult.  Takes some getting used to.  I don't think there's a better product out there though, which makes this worth the price.
Don't let the * review put you off. This  seems to be a regular strong lock for your trailer, similar to many other locks in the market. But compared to my previous lock, this doesn't fit as tightly, and there is some sideways movement, even when locked.Bought it as the description stated it would lock down tightly any trailer, but it allows some movement both vertivaly and horizontally. Not enough to cause an issue when trailerig, but not tight enouhg for what I wanted it for.Overall would be a 4, but not for what I wanted, hence lower rating.
This seemed like a quality product but it is very difficult to lock / unlock.
I wanted to purchase a set that used the same key and my choices were quite limited.  They appear to be strong and built well.  The weather guard that covers the key hole is pretty useless as it doesn't stay in its position.
These are keyed alike and look to be good quality, I got four keys so one on each key ring and a spare
Did not fit my 20012 Toyota Tundra class III hitch receiver. The span is less than 1/8 inch too short. Item description says fit all class III, IV & V receivers. Was going to return but lost original packaging. Now I am stuck with something I can't use.Ordered another one that has a 3 1/2 span. But that doesn't apply to the receiver lock. It applies to the Coupler lock.Description not clear at all. Beware!!!
Works great keeps my hitch secure and safe. Good to have them in paire so all you need is one key to lock and unlock.
It's been a couple years now and the lock still works great  A bit of rust around the edges, but considering the salt water environment it lives in, holding up pretty well.
I purchased this 3 1/2 span coupler lock to replace a previously purchased 2 1/2 span coupler lock that would not fit my 2012 Toyota Tundra class III receiver. Important point - the span width listed only applies to the coupler lock and not the receiver span! This receiver lock is about 1/8 inch short to fit my 20012 Toyota Tundra. These Trimax receiver locks state in the description that they fit all class III, IV & V receivers. This is not true!!
Works perfect.  I like the type of key and bonus that there are two included.  Definitely a good online purchase.
I'm very pleased with this lock, the locking mechanism is very durable and works every time, I like that it has a weather guard robber cap.
Trimax locking hitch pin seems to be of good quality....haven't owned it long enough to tell. Be forewarned, this lock is sooo big, I have trouble hooking my safety chains to the hitch frame. Extremely cheap dust cover will most likely be gone, or useless within 6 months.
It is what it is. came fast and was what it was pictured to be
This cargo rack is very well built and has plenty of room for luggage and other items.  Since it swings away from vehicle, , can quickly open back door.
We are very pleased with the swing-away cargo rack.  It is very sturdy and easy to assemble.  We used it on a 2-week camping trip to hold the cooler and other gear - making it very easy to add groceries and ice to the cooler without the need to open the back of our Subaru Outback.  When we set up camp, it was very easy to just swing the rack to the side to get to the equipment in the car. The rack is is small enough that the vehicle plus rack could still fit in most parking spaces.  All around, the rack performed exactly as expected and we predict that it will hold up well, based on our one summer of experience with it.
Ordered the swing away, cargo rack and bike rack.  All received quickly and in great condition.  Put it all together in a matter of minutes and tested the entire system.  Can't wait to get on the road.  Great customer service (thanks Katie!).
Helps with keeping your string from drying out and stretching.  Easy to work into the string with the heat from your fingers.  One tube goes a long way.
I've owned this hitch for several years.  It has served me well.I live in the mountains and my ATV is an essential survival tool (even if I don't venture into the wilderness).This unit is solid steel and chromium steel construction.  It can handle any load that any ATV can handle.  The tongue weight limit on my ATV (a Honda Foreman)is 300 pounds.  There is nothing I can load into my little trailer that this hitch will not handle.The only problem with this hitch is a minor design flaw.  If I try to use the trailer for hauling dirt, this hitch is not designed to allow for the weight.The problem is that this bolts on to the ATV receiver and, with enough resistance, will simply swivel the hitch if the load is too heavy.If I put 1500 pounds of dirt in my trailer, it will not exceed the tongue weight for the ATV receiver, however, the bolt on design of this hitch will cause it to swivel on the receiver while trying to back up.  This causes jacknifing when hitched to very heavy loads and I haven't yet found a way around it.Nevertheless, I gave it five stars because: (1) it is a very versatile design; and (2) the steel is very heavy; and (3) the welds are very, very solid.
I bought these side rails years ago and they are still holding up like they are brand new.  I am very happy I purchased this item.
I wasn't sure this product would provide enough strength to actually allow me to carry more bulk in my cargo container.  My concerns have been completely put to rest.  I was able to put a mixed assortment of objects in and on the cargo carrier that raised the profile to a height of over 30" with no problems or issues.  My load was totally secure and did not shift in any manner.  Yes, I did employ strong ratching straps, but they are only as strong as what they are attached to.  I could not be happier with this product.
This is really nice when you've got the kayaks or canoes on top your rig, you're not hauling the big boat and you only want to take the one vehicle on a 3-day camping trip. It will fit a couple of coolers, water cans and few other items handily with a rope to tie it all down. It is easy to hook up and take off. I've found it especially handy on my Explorer when I've got a carful of family and I need just a little extra room.
These are for a Polaris ATV and riding rough fast trails. The factory grips made blisters and I bought another set of grips and were no better. These however are great. They are a little long so when you install them be sure to push them all the way up. Very very comfortable.
These grips were on an ATV I purchased used a while ago.  I couldn't believe how comfy they were, so I scoured amazon until I found them.. bought 2 sets for my other machines because I like them so much :)
nice soft grips looks just like the pic and have a good trail feel to them will help absorb road shock on long ripps, hopefully they hold up as good as they look,i would recommend them again thus far. also mine took alomost two days for the hairspray to dry completly solid in the center of the grips if you really want a strong hold i recomment golf club re grip kit from dicks or sporting center usually around 10 bucks or so but it drys pretty quick and wont come off without ruining the grip..ever. plus u will have plenty of strips and adhisive for other grips...or clubs.
These are just what my Buell Blast needed to replace the stock grips with a very comfortable and economic solution. Buell Blasts have a single cylinder that in itself causes much vibration that can become uncomfortable on a ride at lower speeds but these grips changed that vibration to almost nothing. I can imagine these used on a dirt bike or ATV with similar results, one word, excellent.
So here is my reveiw. This is my honest opinion. So with that, here it is.  These grips are amazing! Very very  comfortable, I ride down very rough trails fast and these grips help a lot, don't rub blisters like my old ones did! 5&#9734;  definitely.
Bought these for my wife's ATV. She loves the soft touch. Would recommend them to anyone that has hard grips on their ATV.
Very solid and sturdy kit! Used them with a pair of 4x8x8's for a motorcycle ramp into the back on my truck.  Cheapest ramp kit I could find (about half the price of ones in stores) but a great value. They are heavy though...not  a big deal
I feel like I overpaid a little, but they do what they claim and I've never had a problem with them.  I am using them for a motorcycle.
I wanted to use these for a ramp that I was setting over the steps to my basement to transport a very heavy item. These were unusable as they are only for a single set ramp angle. Only OK if you have the room for a long ramp. Also they don't tell you that these are supposed to be anchored to the top, so you would end up putting holes in your bumper if used that way.
I looked around at many different options before deciding on these and I have no regrets with the purchase. I attached them to full 2&#34; x 10&#34; (not the typical 1-1/2&#34; x 9-1/4&#34; 2x10) ramps and they held the mover with no problem.  I felt these steel versions would be better than the aluminum ones I was seeing, so far I'm very happy with them.
WE have these on our ramps for the trailer we use to haul wood.  They work fine and have borne some mighty heavy rocks and logs
Very heavy duty, easy to install with lumber recommended.  Will last for LONG time. definitely will tell others about this product.
The picture of the box shows aluminum, the description says aluminum, but they're not aluminum.  They're steel.Plenty strong, just heavier than I expected.  There are aluminum ones available on Amazon for practically the same price (within a few cents).
These are lousy!!They slip and slide unless you want ot drill two holes in your truck.The Northern Equipment ramps cost more but are worth it.
All you need is lumber of your choosing and in 5 minutes with a drill you are ready to go
These are powder coated steel, not aluminum. The steel isn't bent to 90 degrees, so there is a gap between the board end and metal part that fits in the truck. I'll be sending them back.
All you need is to visit your BIG BOX Home Center or Lumber Yard to complete this kit. (Lumber for the ramps.) They are well built and will make loading lawn mowers, snow blowers, and wheel barrels up into my pick-up. My total investment for ramp kit  and lumber was $25. Made me happy happy happy.
These were 8&#34; and steel.  Very strong, but I wanted 12&#34; and light aluminum.  It you want 8&#34; and very strong.  This is good for you.I ordered these by mistake and returned them.  Amazon, charges a re-stocking fee $8.91.  I tried canceling the order within 10 minutes, but they showed up anyways and I had to pay the fees.  Come on, 10 minutes.  It was an accidental order, they should not have shipped.  Guys, when this happens, you pay!
Oh My God!, these things are fantastic.. I have a pick up truck, and a riding mower and motorcycle that I constantly load/unload.. I didn't want to pay the 200 bucks it cost for decent ramps, So I purchased 2 2x10's that are about 12 feet long i think..  I've been using these to load and unload onto my truck and a trailer I borrowed from my mom, but eventually gave back, so mostly my truck..  man, it SUCKED..  going up into the truck there is a lip at the end, from laying it on the tail gate, so basically, a drop off..  which wasn't horrible loading, but un-loading, man.. the wheels kept pushing the boards off, and also, the deck on the mower would catch on the lip of the board..  HORRIBLE...  I bought these and put them on.. and it makes everything flush on the tail gate.. after I installed them on the boards, I put them on the tail gate, pulled the mower up on the truck, and then backed it down off the truck, all by myself, without anyone holding the boards..  WORKED FANTASTIC...  why did I not buy these things sooner?!?!?!  I won't make that mistake again..  love these things, and I'm sure you will too.
Picture and description as aluminum.  The metal is magnetic and appears to be made of steel.  Beware of buying it.
I needed a way to get my mower up a pickup truck.  After looking around at the commercial ramps costing most times over $150.00 I looked here at Amazon and found this kit.  I bought the kit and lumber for just a bit over $ 37.00.  This works absolutely flawlessly.  One thing I did not do is drill in the truck for a stabilization pin. For a push/self propelled mower I found no need for the extra support.
These bed pocket hooks are just what I needed. They're easy to install, easy to use and stay out of the way when not being used. Augmented the in-bed tie downs, allowing me to secure tarps over higher items.
i bought these for my f-250 ,since i do alot loading around in the truck and its really hard to get your fingers through the factory tie downs , ive had them for about 7months and they stay strong ,very durable ,the plastic is not cheap its hasnt cracked yet !!,i havent experienced any of the rings getting jammed or any rust ,,if i could i would rate this a 10
I bought 6 of these anchors for my 02 F250 Super Duty, and they fit perfectly in the factory slots on the bed. I like that they fall away when not in use, but lock upwards when needed. Haven't used them too much yet, but they seem to be good enough for most light-medium weight uses.
Great product at a great price! What more could a consumer wish for?Oh yeah, the shipping was super fast!!  Awesome baby!!!!!
these are awesome, installed in 5 minutes or less, everyone I've showed then to. thinks they;re ingenious, and the fact that they drop down flush is a bonus,  only minor draw back is you are limit to the size of rope you can use.
These are great little tie downs. Heaviest weight capacity I could find. Install was super easy, only took a couple of minutes and I wouldn't own a truck without them.
Excellent product. Well designed, well made and easy to install. Great aftermarket product which should shame Detroit for not thinking of themselves. American pickups have ALWAYS been woefully short on innovation and good cargo tie downs are near the top of the list. Hope their patent "pending" is granted on this product....even if the Chinese do clone it soon. Expect to see something very similar on factory Japanese trucks in the near future. They listen to consumers.
The installation was easy and straightforward.  If it fails any heavy load test in the future, I'll revise the rating.BTW, the truck has bed rail protectors.  After installing these anchors, I used a sharp razor blade to carefully cut openings in the plastic covers that used to hide the stake holes.  I put the covers back on so they fit around the anchors and none of the top of the bed rail shows.  It makes for a really nice look and the anchors are hardly noticeable when not in use.
Put these on my new Ford F-150 and they work well. Does any truck manufacturer realize you can never have too many tie down points in a truck bed? Had to use a Dremel to cut the hole out of the side rail cap (Not a pretty hole either) and dropped the Anchor Points in which covered my ugly hole so no one sees it. I really liked that it was half the cost of the 4X4 shop downtown.
Slips down and out of sight and is attractive. Easy to install and handy to have extra hold down points.Pulling it out all the way and using a ratchet strap while really tightening down hard can tweak it so it doesn't slide up and down as easily as when first installed.
Um produto bastante interessante, encaixou perfeitamente na minha pickup (Dodge RAM 1995). O unico porem, &eacute; que ele no fica 100% fixo (talvez por eu ter usado um modelo universal), voce prende a carga perfeitamente, mas ele sai um pouco do lugar.
These rings work pretty well and were very easy to install.  I have a 1990 Ford Ranger that these aren't specifically stated to be compatible with, but they work well and were super easy to install.  I haven't used them under an extremely heavy load, so I can't comment on the claims that they will withstand 1000lbs of force, but so far, so good.
I really wanted these to workout but the hole size is too small for this Bull Ring Anchor.Seems these will rattle once installed but that is an easy fix. One can insert a light duty spring around the back side of the bull ring to keep the ring retracted without rattling.
The bull rings were very easy to install and just what I was looking for to secure my loads. Package arrived within just a few days and was in perfect condition.
This is definitely the right tool for the job. Who would have thought &#34;versatality&#34; would be an adjective to describe a simple anchor point?  I love the way these pull up and push down and click into place. A couple of mine are a bit tough to raise and lower, but I always carry a 10-in-1 tool with me for just such a purpose and strong-arming them up into place.  other than that...no problems at all. They have held up well for a couple of years now. pretty easy to install. I had to buy 6 which got a little expensive, but I have no regrets.I love the way they can be pushed down out of sight when not in use so it doesn't mess up those streaming lines of my truck (haha). bUt it is less obvious for pilchers that might want to swipe them. out of sight, out of mind. Have had no problems like that though.
It took be 10 minutes to install all four. It slides in and then tighten the screws. It is also very strong and functional. Fits my 2002 Dodge Ram 1500.
This is just what I was looking for.  Couldn't be happier with this purchase. Fast shipping. Would recommend to everyone looking for Bull Rings
I got these for my Silverado Pickup. They look good and work well. They are not spring loaded which would have been nice. You pull them up and they lock in place. Installation was very easy and they have a clean look.
I had a set of these on my previous truck and after buying a new Denali I had to purchase a few new sets.  Easy install with just a screwdriver.  Sleek look on the top rail and a great design.  Highly recommend.
Easy to install especially after figuring out the first one. Look great on my bed rail caps. Very clean, I'm happy.
Install six of these but used only four to hold a 700 pound Vulcan 500 all the way to Florida. It never budged the whole way. When not used they pop down so nothing is sticking up to interfere with anything you do in the bed. These are well made. I had to center them to get them in without binding but that was no big deal. The only complaint were the screws. The philips head slots need to be much deeper and/or a deep slot or hex screw used. I used a cutoff wheel and put a deep slot on mine so I could really tighten them down. The current screws because they were so shallow could easily strip but the over all construction is great. I would purchase them again. Rf
I purchased these anchors for my 2013 Dodge Ram pickup truck to use as tie-down anchors to hold down my dirt bikes in the back of the truck. I didn't want any anchors that were popped up 24/7, so I thought I would give these a try. They are very easy to install and so far they have held my dirt bikes very sturdy! I love how they retract so you can't see the metal hooks if you don't need them.
These are great.  I have had them on my truck for years and just bought a pair for my Dad.
Was skeptical that it would fit my old '01 dodge ram, but it did. That hooks are not spring loaded so getting them up with gloves on is problematic. Looks good and does what it should.
These install in a few minutes, look great and work great.  They pop up easily when needed and are flush when not needed.  My bed liner did not have holes for these so I had to cut them out.  The bonus was that now, they help hold the bed liner in place.  Highly recommend.
I purchased these with the hope they would fit my F-150 4x4. I was surprissed how nice they fit, how great they look and how strong they are. Great invention.A++++ seller and fast shipping too.
I've wanted some extra tie points for my truck for a while now.  My F-150 has some nice tie down points low in the bed which work quite nicely for many loads.  However, when then bed is full they can be difficult to get to.  Furthermore, the angle on high loads isn't very good when using the low tie down points.These Bull Ring Retractable Anchor Points are the perfect solution.  First they seem very sturdy and well made.  I have no doubts that they will last as long as my truck does.  They are very attractive looking, plus they store nicely below the rails when not needed.  The loops are made out of stanless steel not some cheat chrome plated metal.  Installation was a snap with just a Phillips head screwdriver.  The units fit perfectly in the pockets on the rails of my truck and look like they came from the factory.  I have used them several times now and absolutely love their convience.  Tying down high loads is easily twice as fast and much more secure now.  My only regret is not finding them sooner.
I mistakingly indicated 1 star instead of 5 stars on my previous review.  This fits well on my small 40" x 48" trailer.
This is a very good product and fits our Nissan Frontier bed perfectly. We go camping a lot and even though we live in AZ we usually tarp our load and this product completely covers the bed and keeps the tarp in place.
I'll start with the pros... this net is fairly well constructed, with nice heavy duty bungees.  The adjustable hooks are a pretty cool feature too.Now the cons... this net is absolutely, completely, utterly worthless for anything small or light enough it won't stay in the bed on its own.  I have a full-size (8-ft) bed, and just attempted to use this net for the first time.  The bed was full of large garbage bags full of trash, recyclables, etc.  Unfortunately the holes in this net are larger than a full trash bag.  I added 4 bungees to the net to help cover some of the bigger holes, and was still concerned I might lose part of my load.  I had to stop once to readjust, fortunately it was a fairly short drive with no speed limits over 45mph.Unless you're holding down something very large that doesn't like to move anyway, I would strongly recommend looking for a net with a much tighter pattern.
Product shipped on time and works as described. It replaced a similar cargo net that worked fine for about two years of regular use. It is very handy and does a good job of keeping things in place. The adjustable hooks on the straps work well.
This is very nice for bulky or odd-shaped loads.  It can be adjusted to keep good tension on each rope to securely hold the load in place wether it is one piece or a bunch of boxes.  My brother-in-law uses his a lot and recommended that I get one, too.  Very pleased.
I needed a cargo net to drive 3 hours north to go camping. Just figured it would be easier to pack everything in the bed of a truck instead of in the back of a SUV. Wasn't sure which cargo net to purchase. And of course I didn't want to pay alot. This exceded my expectations! Very happy with my purchase. It tightens up small enough to fit my S-10 bed! And if you have a larger truck it will expand! It kept everything in the bed and I had no worries while driving 75mph to 80mph!
When my apartment complex decided they had an issue with my 8' Fisher snowplow being in the parking lot I had to move it to a storage unit/garage. After it proved all but impossible to jockey my truck & plow into the unit to get the plow along the back wall, I started looking for a dolly to roll the plow around on the smooth concrete floor. I looked at examples of homemade dollies, and if I had more time on my hands I would have built my own. But this set of casters was convenient and not overly expensive (I've seen 1 piece frames on wheels for well over $200). Dropped my 500lb plow on it and was pleasantly surprised how easily I could push it around. Now instead of driving the truck all the way in I only have to get the nose in and then I can bring the plow to the truck.
A simple solution for organizing my garage. Easily push a 725lb Meyers Plow blade around my garage on these casters.
Didn't take long for it to start leaking around the joint , one would think they would mold it in one piece
Got this to replace one that bit the dust after two car accidents. Works and looks great! Highly recommend this purchase.
It's long, yellow, and it worked.  Twice.  Stuck in the mud at the side of the road, this inexpensive tow strap made short work of pulling two cars out.  It is lighter weight than a chain and sufficietly strong to handle a full sized vehicle.  It is plenty long, and should last through several uses.  The hooks are strong enough but about the only complaint is that it the hooks are too thick to fit into the small tow loops on smaller cars.  But generally you can find something to hook to, and the hooks are large enough and smooth enough to hook back around the strap if you need to.
Works great! I have an older car with a small oil leak. This is perfect to keep the driveway clean from oil!
My father-in-law is quite fastidious about his garage floor, so we bought him an Oil Dri mat as a gag gift--he loved it so much that he searched for more at retail stores in our area, and when he couldn't them (we bought it at a Northern store in NC while on vacation), we wound up ordering more on Amazon. He uses them under his cars, lawn mowers, beneath anything that might leak and stain. I highly recommend them; he is particular, and nothing else works quite as well, according to him.
A very useful product, great value!We bought three of those to cover the floor of our garage, since we have one older car that leaks oil. The mats are very lightweight and tend to slide around a little, but overall they do the job and I don't have to worry about the garage floor getting dirty and slippery.
Works Great! Does everything as advertised, after using a hand pump for so long this has been a great upgrade.
Works great, Tuthil makes a good, product.  I have had them before and the last a very long time. Just remember to fuse the pump close to the power supply.
I purchased this little hand pump as a more cost effective means of pumping diesel fuel than an electric pump.  I have it installed in a 50 gallon rectangular tank to fill my skid steer and tractor in the winter.  I have used numerous Fill-Rite pumps and have never been disappointed.
I bought this for myTempo Gas Walker, 29 Gallon. Just used it today to empty 29 gallons of gas in minutes. The pump had the gas flowing with only a few turns of the crank. Well built and a great pump. I'm thrilled with it.
This is extremely heavy metal, but the fit and finish is terrible, it looks, feels and works like it was made in a high school shop class. I'm embarrassed that I purchased it because of the Made in USA, clearly I should have bought the one made in India. The pipe and hose threads barely match. You have a big heavy pump and a long heavy hose, so which one am I supposed to rotate to connect them? I bought a pump so I didn't have to pick up large & heavy cans of gasoline! Also the pipe sections do not connect via threads but are permanently connected, but the connection leaks so you have no chance of a siphon.
for the first time in my life I'm writing a review with colorful language, but if you have ever had the unfortunate experience of dealing with people,( with the exception of the manufacturer,) .........who really don't give a flying #%#@ that you paid over $600 for a 29 gallon gas tank and a hand crank pump....the seller. &#34;hey I just sell it I don't know any thing about it....the distributor, &#34;hey we just distribute it , we don't know anything about....the air head receptionist that said try this number but couldn't say if the had an 800 number, where they were located or even if they were in the United Staes....Amazon.com, nice guy but didn't know anything about it and without using the words, &#34; we did know there was a problem&#34;.. kept saying well if you read the reviews it was mentioned once or twice...when I told him that all the pictures show the pump on the tank and they are always advertised together...NO WHERE DOES IT SAY YOU NEED TO BUY AN ADAPTER TO PUT THE TWO TOGETHER ....it appears that Amazon has dropped out of the information age...a word of advice for Amazon...forget the drones, you won't need them if you lose you customers...........
mount it on a 55G drum, works well, pump reall fast and smooth.Most important......solid! The whole unit is rigid, unlike some cheaply made pumps.P.S.The plug for reverse operation is not included but then any plug will works.You might need more teflon tape than what came with it. (I did, but I had some extra so it didnt bother me)Will buy again if need another pump
Horrible design.  I can't tell you how frustrating it is to crank the pump 150 times for a few ounces of gas when it is 20 degrees outside and snowing.  I tried teflon tape around the outside and inside the joint but still the same thing happens the next fuel up.  I have unscrewed the pump assembly from the drum numerous times to see what is going on and what a chore that is with 8' of hose to contend with.  They should sell that silly telescoping suction tube as an option and warn people of sucking air rather than liquid.  Perhaps there is some sort of epoxy that one could glue the tubes together but I have found the trick is to use black pipe (gas pipe) cut at a slight bevel so the liquid can be sucked in and if the bottom of the barrel and suction tube contact the small gap provided by the beveled cut will still allow fluid in.  I personally size mine so there is at least a 1/2 clearance between the bottom of the drum and the suction tube threaded down.  The telescoping suction tube works good for obtaining this measurement.  Good luck.  I will up date later when I have a chance of pumping with my new set up.
I would have given 5 stars if the pick up pipe had been about twelve inches longer.  My fuel drum is oval and the adjustable pick up pipe wasn't long enough to reach the bottom of the drum.  The flexible fueling hose is great quality although it also could be about two feet longer.  This is a well made unit, great quality throughout and easy to set up.
This is a well known product that has been around for years. It's well designed and solidly built. No plastic junk. The vendor delivered very promptly.
The pump worked right off. There was no adjustment needed. We just hooked it up and we were ready to pump.
This pump works great.  The long power cord is a huge bonus. The only thing I can recommend is to get a wire brush and scrub the threads before trying to screw anything on.  The loose paint on the threads makes it difficult.  Love the pump though. Thanks Amazon!
There are a ton of these type of pumps to choose from and not all seem to go without an issue or two as I read the reviews; so, for the price..I took the plunge and chose this one. Yes, it did pump and far faster than I expected. Probably more gph than I need for filling my Skid Steer and small 11 gallon 'Day Tank' for my shop heater;  but no more diaphragm pumping that 'worries' the barrel bung. But, here are some pro's and con's.Con: It comes with a white plastic ABS pipe but its not a 'telescoping' pipe. There are two pieces with glued-on male and female threaded coupler's you screw together and a male connector glued on the end that you screw into the bottom of the barrel/tank incert of the pump. But, in my case...I was using a recycled blue plastic barrel and found out...not all blue plastic barrel 'bungs' are the same. There might be a bung with very wide thread and possibly the other with fine thread. Or, certain (not all) plastic barrel bungs that have a black plastic incert bushing that changes the wide thread to a finer thread. I had 3 barrels and only one had this bushing that this would thread into. And that raised a problem...Down inside this black plastic incert, it's been molded in a way with these tang's that reduce the size of the opening. The coupling that comes with this won't pass and neither will the pipes end male that's already glued on.  The pipe by itself will, but the diameter with these middle and end fittings won't let it pass by these tangs down inside this threaed incert. These tangs obstruct the width of these fittings.I ran down to a plumbing shop, got a straight piece of palstic pipe and another male fitting and glued that on. Then I discovered it still wouldn't sit down far enough to complete this threading process. I had to get creative and found something to remove this barrel incert and then I used my scroll saw to carefully cut out the inside of this bung incert and that worked.So, just as a heads-up to anyone wishing to use a blue barrel...make sure theres one bung threaded that will take the threads of this.  And just because one may be a fine thread and it looks like  it would take this...there's a possibility it won't screw in. Look for a black plastic incert with fine threads.This senario ISN'T the FAULT of this product!Pro's: The product comes with a little roll of thread tape, a street 90, a nice long length of extension cord and a water tight compression fitting for that cord. A lenght of ground wire, twist wire connectors and one bolt for the nozzle hanger bracket. Of, course it's hose and a nozzle. The tape was a nice addition and the instructions were, well, needed because you'll need to remove the lower metal neck piece that...that pipe screws into for easier screwing into the bung by removing 4 bolts. And there's a plate opposite the electrical wire outlet to remove.From once it's all screwed in and your pump/motor in bolted back on, I started figuring how to mount a filter and this needed some attention. I used the street 90 but had to extend out a ways with a nipple, for the filter CUP to even screw back on. Not the cap or top...the cup covering the inner filter. I believe I added a 3&#34; nipple and that allowed for a little swing and enough clearance outside the edge of my barrel. From there it's just threading your hose in, then the nozzle with a little monkeying to position it just right when it's unraveled and coiled up so it'll hang proper in this cover/bracket.It has a nice wide lift on/off switch plate and a movable arm with a hole to pad-lock this thing. Once I had it all ready, I hooked it to a small tractor battery I'll use, lifted the plate switch on and off quickly a few times to prime it and in no time she started priming. I opened the nozzle into a tall coffe can to finish priming and man, it pumps fast!! No, I didn't need the ground wire and no I haven't added another switch. I just clip the battery wires and use its switch. There is a little residual drip from the nozzle.This review is long but I wanted to point out the business about the barrel bungs for those desiring to use a barrel.All in all, so far I'm impressed. 13 gallons a minute...that's 6 1/2 gallons in 30 seconds. Probably close to what a service station pump....pumps.Yes...I'd recommend.
This hand pump works great. I use it to pump motor oil. Each stroke equals I quart.I would recommend this product to a friend.
Not able to use the product as yet, but is just as advertised and appears to be well made and will suit my needs, on a garden tractor, not on a "pan" seat it was designed for.
Wheel seems high quality and matches the two on my trailer perfectly. Im using it as a spare so not sure how it rolls down the road.
I ordered a set of these to replace the smaller width OEM tires and wheels on my GatorTrailer for my duck boat and these are first class tires, real wide thick tread should last much longer than a lesser setup. Great upgrade!
Perfect, I needed a spare tire for my trailer and this matched perfectly. These tires travel well at speeds in excess of 75 ( I just did a 600+ mile trip with no issues on a hot day).
i bought these to replace rusted ones on my boat trailer seem like very good quality and heavy duty the prices was excellent and will buy again from northern tool
Was exactly as advertised. Delivered in a reasonable amount of time.Fit perfectly. Had them on and the splitter ready to go in no time.
The wheel hub is just as expected, well built. srong, clean, and easy to mount. For those who purchase this product you'll wont be disappointed.
It was time to start dealing with tires / tubes / painting the hubs, etc.  This was so much simpler.  Not much info on dimensions, etc. but I guess they are very standardized.  Fit perfectly.  All you re-use is the old nut and cotter pin.  Even comes pre-packed with grease.
The tires mounted on my old jet ski (tandem) trailer wheels just fine.  Not every tire store can mount tires this small, so a call before you haul your trailer around can save some frustration.  Balancing seems to be un-needed, also due to the small size.  I learned this because they did not have a balancing machine that would accommodate a tire this small, but they said it should not matter (and so far that seems to be correct).  I have only had them on the highway once, but I was pleased that the ride was smoother than the tires they replaced.  The trailer is on my driveway, with the jet skis, and they seem to be holding air just fine.  Overall, I am very pleased.  The shipment was prompt.
The most common replacement tires available for boat trailers are rim and tire combinations. The rims don't wear out so all that is needed is the tire. These tires are a higher load range than the typical replacement and I got two tires plus having them mounted for the price of one replacement wheel.
Right price at the right Time. Good match for my trailer, fast ship and just as described. Would buy again.
Good tire, had it mounted at local tire shop for $10 and worked great when I eventually had a flat on my trailer.
I purchased these tires to replace aged tires on my boat trailer.  The price was good for a load range C tire and they appear to be satisfactory.  However, I won't know that for sure until I've used them for a while, so I for now I can give this transaction only a 4 star rating.
Fast shipping. Tire was a little out of shape i could not get it to inflate had to go to a tire and band it  to get it to inflate
what can you say, fast shipping and exactly as described.  these should last for years as much as I use the trailer. i'd buy again.
We have multiple trailers (up to 26') in the yard, and fitted with a multiball insert this adapter makes short work of moving them around.It's solidly made, obviously constructed with substantial, top quality materials. Weld joints are professional. This thing will last forever.
I purchased this tool for moving boats around my shop with my 30hp Kubota tractor. In truth I suspected to find a toy in the box, but found an incredibly useful tool instead. It is light enough that connecting it to the 3-point hitch is trivially simple. And having the ability to swap out 1 7/8, 2. and 3 5/16 balls by simply pulling one pin is a godsend for me.Now, instead of fighting with my floor jack when I want to block a trailer up, I can simply raise my 3-point hitch whle standing, slide the blocks in place, drop the hitch and drive away.
I purchased this hitch to move gooseneck trailers around on my farm.  The 3 point hitch onthe back of my tractor is rated to lift either 4,000 or 6,000lbs -- two tractors. Less than a week after I recieved this hitch I was able to bend the two arm-mounts to the point where I felt it was unsafe to continue to use it.What bent was not the pin itself, but the metal that the pin is mounted on.  The bottom crossbar is not built heavily enough to allow the unit to lift moderately heavy trailers.  Since the 3 point arms cannot lift more than their rated weights, weights under 6,000lbs tongue weight were too much for this unit, and I suspect that weights of 2,000lbs were probably too much, as most of the trailers were empty or partially full when being moved.I would expect a class 2/3 attachment to be able to handle typical 2/3 loads.  this particular one is only suitable for light duty.We ended up cutting off the bottom bar and welding on a stronger support for the pins.
I got this to take advantage of the shorter wheelbase of a tractor to move a 28-foot gooseneck stock trailer in and out of an equipment shed.  It does exactly what I want it to do.  However, the tractor has a fiberglass canopy, and the forward dome of the stock trailer contacts the canopy if any turns over, say, 45 degrees are made.  Thus I lose some of the maneuver advantage of the tractor.  Failing to watch for this contact would result in damage to the trailer or to the canopy
I needed to get stains out of my driveway and this product works greatI would recommend this product to all my friends
This was exactly what i needed, these are a 1/3 of the price that i could find local plus everyone else had to order as well so didn't lose anytime and saved a bunch of money.
The stake pockets are heavy duty and they fit 2 x 4 stakes just right.  They are a great value.
Inexpensive, easy to install, works very well, and feels like they will last forever. What more can you ask for?
I used this bracket (8 of them) to add stake sides to my little 4x6 trailer. Worked exactly as planned. Great price, fast shipping.
I bought two of these stake pockets, but I did not buy them for a stake-side bed application.  I used them as brackets for the side marker lights of my trailer and they work awesome!  My original side marker lights were not working and the replacements that I bought needed a special bracket to mount them a little off of the trailer's frame.  These worked perfectly and are nice thick pieces of galvanized steel that will last a long long time.
We bought a utility trailer and wanted to customize it to haul our paddle boat.  These stake pockets are galvanized so we don't need to be concerned with rusting so we can back the trailer into the water to unload and load the boat.  The worked perfect so we could attach railing to build sides that can be removed if need be to haul something larger.
Made of strong galvanized steel, three mounting holes make it easy to attache. A perfect fit for my home built trailer.
Northern Tool and Equipment is a horrible seller that made a complete mess of this deal and never had the decency to respond to my concern (the product was damaged, not delivered and they never even responded).DO NOT BUY FROM THESE CREEPS!!!!
i got one of these for my scooter and it shredded within an hour of installation.dont waste your money
I got a couple of these to make a kayak cart, I have no problems with them, handle over 100lb well (2 wheels). Even work on the beach. Same wheels you would find on factory made kayak carts. It's not a high speed wheel, don't use it on a scooter, or anything that moves fast...
I used this trailer fender on a bobber project and it turned out great! Was the perfect size for coverage of the rear tire and it's short giving it a real bobber look
I installed these plastic fenders on my open air motorcycle trailer that has 8&#34; wheels and they fit perfectly! I really like the idea that they are plastic so that rust will never be an issue and to save a little weight. I will be install &#34;No Step&#34; stickers on them though because of this.
I ordered these to use on an old boat trailer I am rebuilding.  They suit the job perfectly and won't rust.  I recommend ordering the conbination offered for the fender brackets as advertised on Amazon for the right part.
Bearing and rim breaks easily, should only use it for a wagon. Or weld the rim other to make it stronger
perfect fit,great price and shipping is good it was all that was advertised and then some. would recommend to anyone that is looking for substitute tilres.
Purchase was made for a relative who was replacing old fenders.  As far as I know, he was pleased with the product.
The fenders are great.  Easy to install.  The shipping left something to be desired.  When received they werent wrapped so there were some scratches.  There were also some crimps in the rounded edges.  Fortunately, they straightened with a hammer
This fender is very high quality in both materials and overall manufacture. no problems with it. it is a weld on fender or either you will have to drill your on mount holes to attach itto your trailer.
Good fender.  I use them to cover 33x10.50 BFG ATs.  They work well, are well built.  They are the largest rounded fender I have seen and work well.
Great quality very nice !  As good as I have ever seen at any price. Quick shopping as well. Buy it
Installed on side of pontoon boat to help with climbing back in.  Looks good and should work great....if we ever get back out to the lake.
Works great
just bought nothing to complain about great price compared to other folding steps it might rust but it serves purpose well
We use them to climb 12 ft pillars and they have never lets us down. Although my business partner and I only weigh about 150... They are solid.
Been looking for these for work. Good price, folds away. Stainless steel. Installing these on two new trucks. Have them on the other fleet of trucks. Won't rust. Use as grab handles and steps. I had a vendor order these a few years ago. I could not remember where. Will have to bookmark Amazon for the future.
I ordered 2 of these to mount to my winch bumper on the front of my bronco 2 and they work great i have pulled out numerous people with these and they hold up very well.
Perfect fit and color.  This was for an overcab clearance light on a 2007 Winnebago Minnie.  Connector was perfect fit.
The strobe light I purchased works very well and now I will use it to find my vehicle at night when I'm way off the bank ice fishing.Being out in center of lake ice fishing or in boat fishing will be a breeze getting back to car with this strobe light.
This is my second experience with the same product.  This model hitch came with my Four Winns boat trailer from the factory.  The first one was difficult to lock and release.  The release tab was hard to move in either direction and the tab finally broke.  I ordered a rebuild kit (just to get a new release tab) and found it impossible to install although I am an engineer and good with my hands.  I resorted to purchasing an all new unit.  It was easy to install but this one had the same problem with locking and releasing.  It is not a smooth operation in either direction.  I was finally able to use a flat bladed screw driver from underneath to pry the locking tongue so it engaged the ball.  From underneath it did not take much pressure to move the tongue forward and then I was able to easily move the locking tab into place with very little force.  This will be my standard practice from now on.  Getting the tongue to release even after unlocking the tab is also problematic as it does not pivot out of the way when the tab is released.  Raising the trailer tongue with the jack put upward pressure on the hitch and it eventually popped off suddenly. I did not try prying the hitch tongue back (which I will the next time).  This same model hitch has been manufactured for at least ten years so you would think that all the bugs had been worked out.  If you have an option, I would not purchase this hitch.  I needed a direct, bot-in replacement so I went with it and had the same negative results.  I noticed that Four Winns trailers do not use this model any longer.  Finally, the paint on the brake cylinder is very poor.  It started rusting before it ever got close to a body of water.
Very reliable hitch receiver to use for basic hauling. Use with utility trailer and have had no issues with it.
OUR GRANDSON WAS THRILLED WITH THE BILLS WHEEL COVER.  IT PROUDLY IS DISPLAYED ON THE BACK OF HIS GEO TRACKER.
This is a special purpose winch as it operates with a clutch to raise or lower a load easily. It is not like a standard boat winch that has a lever that must be moved for extending and retrieving cable. This winch was ordered as an replacement winch for a Genie Lift GL-8 that is at least 20 years old. In that time, the model number has not changed. This is a workhorse. Just understand what you are ordering and the application first. It works well for the purpose intended, but it is not designed to be released and pull cable off to connect to a boat. It is designed to hold a load when the handle is released. There is detailed maintenance and operating instructions on the Fulton website.
This is a great product! I have used it now for a whole season and have had no problems. I found this at northern tool and equipment much cheaper than other places. Now I can keep my 14 year old Craftsman mower riding the steep hill I call my back yard.
not thrilled with pump
could not have asked for a better kit; easy to put together; looks beautiful and can't beat it for the price
I  had forgotten to write a review of this pond. I put it in last fall and have really enjoyed it. I too had a frog move in right away . It survived the winter here in Upstate NY and was sitting by the pond all Spring. That frog left on the 4th of July and now two little ones have moved in. I painted the waterfall a silvery color and over the winter (I left it out not knowing where the frog was hibernating) it weathered to a nice natural look.It was very easy to put in  and the pump continues to work with no problems other than an easy cleaning which was described in the literature that came with the kit. I highly recommend this product for a small yard .It was shipped very, very quickly by Northern tool and was packaged extremely well. 5 stars all around for this pond.
I have to say I love this pond it looks great in my yard and it is not hard to insall !!!! Northern Tool and Equipment you Rock !!
I looked a lot for a pre-formed pond/waterfall kit and everyone wanted a lot of money from 150 to 300. So I kept looking and found this kit I won't lie from the photos I was worried that the waterfall wasn't going to be big enough but it's perfect just the right size! The one thing I would recommend is getting another small fountain pump to go down in the pond like I have it add's a little more water fall noise and looks better too!
I love my little pond.  It's just the right size for the size of my patio.  I put my gold fish in it.  Have six fish.  They love it.  So much bigger than their 10 gallon tank in the house.  I didn't put it in the ground, as I was afraid of critters getting at my fish.  So I left it raised and just filled in around with mulch and decorative rocks.  Didn't use the little piece for the water fall, didn't work this way, so I just used a waterfall that I already had that I could just put on the edge by setting it on a tree stump.  Surrounded the back side with larger planters of Hostas.  It's so relaxing sitting by it and hearing the water and watching the gold fish.
I am a 59 year old do it yourselfer. This was very easy to install. Shipping time was great and the final product finished with plants and lights exceeds my expectations
Great set, works perfectly and is beautiful in the back yard.  No trouble  to install, waterfall adds a lot of sound.
It is actually a really great pond but it took us a while to get the right depth in all of the various gradations.  We love it in the backyard.  Very soothing.
This is an ideal kit to get you started in the world of ponds.  It comes with everything you need to get up and running (minus the fish and plants of course).  Just dig yourself a hole, level it off, and back fill with some sand.  DONE!  Quick and easy.Two issues I had, and they are unavoidable with a small pond, the pump clogs often and the water evaporates.  This is due to the pond being shallow.  When the humidity comes out, the water evaporates.  Also because the pump is just a little guy, the screen gets clog with debris  But Being shallow, a bucket of water or shot from the hose and your full again.  And stick your hand in about wrist deep, and the screen on the pump is clear!Now kick back with your dog and your wife and watch the fish swim.
Pond &#34;liner&#34; is extremely thin, so be extra careful.  The pump has failed after only 3 weeks of operation.  I would suggest purchasing a more expensive item - a liner that is thicker, and one that doesn't include an Anjon Manufacturing pump.
Item was suppose to be Northern tool brand, but central machinery was delivered, but looks to be same. This is a real time saver and easier to use than I expected. I used it to change some tires on my riding mowers and it works great, wish I had it long time ago. I noticed that 4&#34; rims are a little harder to change tire on than the 6&#34; and 8&#34; rims, but still much easier than screw drivers and vise grips. If I could change anything about it, I would have put a thicker rubber protector ring, and a groove in the mounting bar would help to hold it on the rim, but as long as you keep plenty of lubricant on the bead of the tire and hold the tire itself when mounting or demounting, this tool works good. So far I've used it to remove 6 tires, and mount 4 tires and its worked great. Seems to be made of good materials, a little shaky, but still very useable. Good tool at a good price!
I think this will be a good tool. I haven't actually used it yet but it looks just as described. It is bound to be an improvement over changing those little tires with only a couple screw drivers.
Very good product.  Would have given it 5 stars except that it should maybe have some type groove in the handle to help hold it down on the rim when re-mounting the tires.
these tires are great and much improved versus my previous snow blower tires.  glad i purchased these.  great traction and perfect fit.
High quality, thick-wall tire with aggressive tread.  I used this to replace the original POS tire on my wheelbarrow along with a Slime tube, huge improvement.
Perfect for the snowblower, and a good price - Not much to add to this.  They do the job nicely.
I was told you have to pay at least 100.00 @ tire to get what you want. Not so, this tire provides the traction in various  situations that I wanted, sand, mud, and rock. Only draw back is one tire has a wobble in it, but you can only feel it when on pavement.
Nice  fit right up on my club car was already aired up cost was only a few dollars more than a replacement tire without wheel! fast delivery great job!
came quickly , was impressed with the quality of the tire , I have had no issue holds air no leaks would buy three more when i need to.
Good price on these tires and they worked great for our Golf Cart that we use in our yard for picking up sticks, leaves, etc.
Was kind of worried when I first got these tires all smashed into one box. I took then out let them sit over a weekend in the office and they looked perfectly normal by Monday!  They look great on the golf cart!
Ordered tire because of it's price.Have an older cart and didn't need a new one.Tire was delivered quickly and fit perfectly.I will certainly use this site again.
I am pleased with the overall product however the tires were shipped all flat pressed together and after mounting them it was hard to seat the bead.
I order these two new new back Sawtooth tires but I made a mistake when I order them. I forget to order them with the wheels. When to tires plus to get them disassemble the old tires and mounted the new tires on the old wheel. It cost me $20. The golf cart look like new now. I am very happy with the delivery time because it only taking two day since the day of the order to received them at home.
The tires are good for what we needed them for. We use them on a golf cart in our plant and the tread is good for grip on the floor. Price was good too. We change our own tires so the savings were even better.
I bought these tires to replace my worn out tires on my golf cart. It took about 3 weeks to get them but I was forwarned due to weight they would take that long. Installed and bead held pressure first time. Would buy again.
I purchased this for Idaho State University. They had a golf cart with a flat tire and then had it replaced by the one we purchased.
My husband and I were both very happy with these tires. Nice quality and the saw-tooth tread is perfect forcruising the campground.
The tires came on time and were what was advertised. I had them mounted and placed them back on my golf cart and they worked fine.
I've been using this helmet for about a month now. It's very comfortable and it looks good. Don't be too worried about having an &#34;egg head&#34; while wearing this helmet. You'll get an egg head wearing most any helmet, this one isn't noticeably larger than any other helmet I've worn. I'd recommend this helmet and would buy again.
I am sure the safety of this helmet is good. I have not had a crash so luckily have not had to test that. But I am sure it will work well as a helmet.The issues I have with this helmet is that it fits the head really oddly, it makes your head look REALLY round. It looks like your wearing a goofy space helmet, not very attractive. The chin strap does not have a button to pin the slack strap to the helmet. Any slack strap just kinda hangs there in the way. Another problem I have with it, is that the visor does not fit well. You kinda have to manhandle it to get it on the snaps. It often unsnaps from the helmet and gets all crooked again. Really unless if you think this helmet looks amazing, go and find another you will probably like it more.
This is a comfortable and sturdy helmet. Very lightweight but still feels safe. Love the visor. Bought one for my daughter as well.
This is a very good helmet, which I use when I ride a low-power electric scooter around my neighborhood.  It's lightweight, comfortable and much cooler than full-face helmets.  If I were riding a full-power motorcycle or large Vespa-type scooter I would use a helmet with a face cover, but since my scooter doesn't go over 20 mph and I ride it on flat residential streets in bike lanes, I feel safe enough with this open face model.I really like the color of this helmet too.  It's a true candy pink, unlike some helmets that are advertised as pink but are really more red or maroon.  I always feel that I look goofy in a helmet, but the color of this one makes it kind of fun to wear. Thus, I feel less self-conscious, which is a good thing because I am not tempted to ride without head protection.
I bought this for my girlfriend to use on her scooter.  It looks good on her and is comfortable.  Recommended.
I bought this because it is the right size and relatively light in weight.  It works perfectly riding my UTV.
This little helmet is just perfect. Ordered it for my little granddaughter for four-wheeling. She is two and a half years old. It is a little top heavy, but still protects her head. Fit even better next year.
I can't complain, what you see is what you get.You want a Pink helmet, this is it. Hot pink.
Comfortable and fits well.  Haven't bounced my head off of anything as of this writing so I can't say I have really put it to the test.  I do like the helmet and would recommend it.
Really like this helmet. It fits great. I was worried about sizing issues due to other comments, but had no issues. I wear a large helmet and ordered a large. When it arrived I put it on and it fit perfectly. Not too loose not too tight, but the perfect snugness you want from a helmet. The only complaint I have is that the visor snaps aren't that great. It's difficult sometimes to get them lined up and when you think it is snapped securely it's not, but when you do get them snapped properly it stays on just fine.
This helmet is a great basic helmet for the novice or experienced rider. The price point is quite economical and the quality is excellent. The range of sizes made it a first choice for me,and my double x-large cranium.
Good helmet for price. Strap could be more comfortable but it's not a big deal. Checked Walmart and they don't have anything cheaper.
Delivered as promised in excellant condition. Be sure of the size you order.  Returns because you ordered the wromg size are at your exspense.
I like that this helmet does not have a chin piece because it's lighter for a little kid. I worry they will get whip lash trying to support a huge helmet. The mat black finish hides scratches much better than a gloss finish.
I will never buy a helmet off of the internet again...This is the 3 helmet i've sent back. I Had A mUSHROOM hEAD!!!  LMFAO!!!
Great color, great product. Fits well. No snap to secure the excess chin strap, but it does have a rubber slider you can use.
This helmet is a great deal for the money. I've had about 30 helmets and this one is a good average lid. No Frills, but it has a DOT rating and that makes it safe and legal. Good hearing protection and deflects the wind well. Cheap enough to practice graphic art on if you have been so inclined. No need to spend $650 on an Arai, unless that is what you really want. Happy riding, "Keep the Rubber side Down and the Shiny side Up".
I had this helmet for a few days and I got the 2xl.  I thought it was tight but when I went online to see if it fit right everyplace I read was saying it was a good fit.  I took it to the MSF class and the instructors said it didn't fit and the brim of helmet should be lower on my forehead.  This was the first helmet I ever tried on and it seemed well constructed.  I ordered a GLX helmet (3X) and it was tighter on my head than the Raider helmet.  I'll find something.
I ended up returning these goggles almost immediately.  They are cheap and seem sturdy enough, but they are incredibly clunky to wear.  The foam backing is extremely thick, and the goggles themselves are very deep set.  The result is that you feel like you're wearing a scuba-mask since the item sticks 6+ inches out from your eyes.  I felt like I was looking through a tunnel while wearing these.I'd be worried that the first time I fell, or even the first time I turned my head and wind hit the side of the goggles, that these would just be ripped right off my face.If you need a pair of goggles for just sitting around in the snow (why?) then this is a good cheap pair.  If you are actually doing anything winter-sport related (hiking, skiing, snowmobiling) this is not the set you are looking for.
Bought these for riding a quad during elk hunt.  They worked great, never fogged, and were crystal clear.  I would buy again, great price.
No fog, sturdy, well vented and constructed. Couldnt be happier w/em. Im glad I didnt pay more for a bigger name brand, these do it all.
The frame is made of soft vinyl so they just collapse on your face. I can not say much else because i could not see out of them so they did not get used.
Quality of the goggles looks good - i have still not used it in the field but will be doing it sometime next month when I take out the atv.
I know you get what you pay for but I hoped they would be usable. I ready tried to like them but the foam kept coming off and sliding around. Look elsewhere.
Just ordered yesterday does anyone know if the fit over glasses glasses am going to use them for airsoft. I'm sure they will be great
These googles are cheaply made. The seams feel sticky - like the glue was not put in place right. The foam is cheap and airy. I doubt these will last more than an hour in action.
Good googles to protect eyes during Burning Man at night.  Cheap but effective.  Only wore them in the evening/night during dust storms (since they are clear, during the day you would be blind from brightness) and they also helped keep my face warm during those chilly times.  Never wore them during the hot days so I can't comment on if they fog up or are hot.  They were pretty comfy, but I wasn't wearing them for long periods.  Only for an hour here and there.
I purchased these because of the reasonable price. Used them on my first trip to the desert riding quads and they were absolutely perfect.
I bought this for my son to protect his eyes while riding his go kart. It does what it suppose to do. Protect the eyes. These are not tinted.
The lenses come out easy. So does the strap. That is a good thing. They are easy to replace.They fog up a little, so I have to take them off when I'm not moving (riding MX bike in the woods). For the price, I can't say anything bad about them
I have only worn it a little but it does fit well over my glasses and though its cheaper than some of the other brands of goggles it is still a very good buy. The goggle also should last a long time because the only place there is any foam is where it makes contact with your face.
Comfortable, breathing, non - fogging, adjustable, really keeps your eyes protected from the dust kicked up while cutting 2x4's. with a compound miter saw or table saw, and even when using a sander.  It is NOT OSHA rated but for around the home they have worked great to keep my eyes from being bombarded with saw dust and paint dust particles.  They have not fogged up at all on me.
These aren't the best goggles in the world, but you get what you pay for, and for this price, these goggles are definitely worth it
I bought this for my husband for when he goes quad riding -- he definitely needed some goggles as it gets VERY dusty, however didn't want to spend a lot of money as I know him and he will either a/lose them or b/scratch/break them  :-)  We couldn't be happier with the quality/durability for what we paid.  Definitely recommend!
these goggles may be ok to use for a sport that doesn't use a helmet, like skiing, but I could not fit them over my fox full face MX helmet. do not buy these if you plan to use with a helmet.
Served its purpose. Snow did get into the goggles but perhaps it was because I could not stay on my feet.
Very comfortable and just as good as the more expensive goggles I have used. They keep the dust out and don't fog up on gravel, dusty ATV trails.  Very good for the occasional branch sticking out onto the trails while traveling at 20-35 miles per hour.
Can see perfectly, does not fog up and great for action. It's nice, comfortable, and fits to almost any size. Recommend it for beginners.
Purchased to keep the cold air out of my eyes while riding my motorcycle during winter months. Works beautifully. Got a pair for the wife who frequently rides with me.
great item, very well made, fits well in your head ........ ... ... ... ... .. ... .. .. ..  .. .. .. .. ..
Not the best, but Is good quality for the price that was paid.  Just a basic goggle that protects the eyes from dirt and wind,
I actually bought these as a joke Christmas gift for a guy at work. He complained when he snow blows he would get snow in his face. Turns out..he loves these !!!....Said they didn't fog up, and with the winter we just had he was very grateful. From a gag gift to a real gift...score.
Bought two pairs, one for me and one for my son. Both pairs, the straps popped off the goggles due to poor design. There are plastic pins that attach the strap to the goggle that doesn't work. Lost the pins to my son's in the woods, had to use twigs to reattach to get back to the truck.
these are a good sturdy goggle. . . . they dont fog over and resist scratching well . . .
These work just as they should. They're nice and solid, yet flexible. The foam seems to be stuck on there pretty well.They also smell like swimming goggles, which was kind of weird.
These goggles fit OK and were highly adjustable. However, they should not to be used for vision as they have no sunblock or glare surface whatsoever. They should also not be used in winter weather conditions. They fogged horribly. I had to stop skiing every 5 minutes to wipe them down. At one point, ice had actually formed inside. I purchased some anti-fog wipes from the ski shop, which only extended their wear to about 15 minutes before fogging. These would probably be fine for warm-weather outdoor activities, but I wouldn't bother with these if you need to see when you're skiing or snowboarding.
It's true. I wore these babies last time I went out on my gnarly skateboard. As I flipped over that bad-grass half-pipe, a huge roach like just kinda flew down and smacked me upside the head. If I hadn't been sporting these mucho sassy glasses, dude my eyes woulda like just popped right outta my head, or something. Then a clump of like pure 100% California topsoil came spinnin up at me from the ground. Dude I radically flipped over my 'board but that clod of hot earth just kept on coming. If I hadn't been wearing my MX Go-Kart Goggles that topsoil would have shredded my eyes like so much Mr. Chans crispy Peking Duck. Then, like, whatever, I stale-fished my gnarly 'board over the double-dutch twisted snake incline, and nearly got whupped real good by a twister. In that twister was a flying house, just like off of that gnarly Wizard of Oz movie! That's a crazy, mixed-up foreign object, huh? My my radical MX Go-Kart Goggles stopped that Texan tornado getting medieval on my grass and boy oh boy when that house came crashing down on that wicked old witch there was no way on this Earth, no sir, that any of those splinters were getting into my eyes. Woo-ee! Like, gnarly goggles, dude.Fantastic addition to any skateboarder's wardrobe. Top marks!
These goggles are pretty good for the price.  I needed a new set while short on cash and so far I haven't had any issues.  The lens is made out of a very flexible plastic which allows you to bend them however you want.  They have a strong plastic smell to them, but it's not really noticeable while riding.
Not very comfortable and poor quality strap, would be ok for very occasional use but nothing regular. Entry level at best.
I never was able to use these goggles.  The first time I tried to put them on over my helmet, the strap broke out of its hinge.  The strap was wasy to small to fit over the helmet no matter how I adjusted it. I'll probably end up buying another strap as expensive as the goggles.
I got these for skiing and they work ok, but my glasses would fog up behind the goggles. But the people without glasses said they worked great.
Seem like decent quality. Very clear lenses. Foam is thick and comfortable. I can buy several pair for the price of the high end ones.
Loving the wilderness, although not much is left to enjoy after the Commiefornia government has banned access to most of it, I often find myself in situations where the weather becomes quite extreme.  Therefore, I felt that it would be a good idea to have a pair of small, lightweight goggles in my backpack for when the snow or sand blow into my eyes.  I've only had a chance to need them once, and they worked great.  They're also nice because they aren't huge as are so many MX and skiing googles.  They're the perfect size.  I might have a big nose that creates a rather large gap between the googles and my face... but with the gap, I'll certainly never have a fogging problem.  In any case, without the gap, they would have been rated five stars for sure.  For the price, they just can't be beat!
I am, generally speaking, an adherent to the "get what you pay for" frame of mind.I felt it was a bit of a gamble to buy these goggles, but for the price (I paid $9.99, through Amazon, from Northern Tool) it wasn't much of a gamble.I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of these goggles.They're not *quite* as good as say, Scott goggles, but they're very close to that in terms of quality.They don't fog up, the lenses are nice and clear, and the ventilation system works well at keeping out dirt/debris.All in all, would highly recommend.
For the price, you simply can't beat these goggles.  They are build just as well as much higher priced pieces.
We bought these goggles for our first trip playing in the snow, and didn't really know how to get ski/snowboarding equipment, but these were a great value for the money! No complaints here!
I have used these goggles while driving my boat at speeds just exceeding 50 mph. They do the trick. Vision is good and there has not been any scrathes yet. For the price I have been very statisfied.
Price, Quality and Fit are great. Would highly recommend these goggles for adult sizes for fit and comfort and ease on pocketbook.
very cheaply made. does a good job keeping dust, debris, etc out of your eyes but will fog up and do not pass any air through. Can get steamy pretty quick especially in a humid environment. Overall for what I put into em they will be just fine. Wasn't expecting Wiley's.
great
I'm not sure what &#34;helmet bag&#34; features there are out there that I'm missing, so I'm giving this 4 stars on the assumption that somewhere there is a helmet bag with, like... I dunno... something super convenient that I haven't even thought of yet.  But for the purpose of holding a helmet, this bag is functional and sturdy enough.  And the inside is cozy and soft, so it won't scratch the thing up.
This is a great lined bag for my helmet!  Fits great and has a soft lining and handles.
An excellent product which could at least protect the helmet from any knocks against any object. It should have the shoulder strip to be carry easily.
I got this for my son as a gift.  He is a member of the 501st Legion (google it!) and needed something to carry his scout trooper helmet to &#34;troops&#34; in.  He has thanked me for this over and over again.  It is large for the price, soft lining to cushion the helmet and extra room for gloves and other things.  Both of us are very pleased!
Just needed something in which to store a helmet  --  anything but to leave it out. This works perfectly for my purposes. The price is right as well.
Its a cheap bag, but for what you pay, you get a great value. There are much better looking/feeling bags out there. But if you don't care what it looks like, and just need a bag to protect your helmet, this is it. It smelled a little weird when I first got it, kinda like walking into Harbor Freight, but after a couple days, its been just fine. I have a XXL helmet, and there is still room in there for gloves and my other shield.
Great quality to price ratio. A must have to protect your investment between rides. Tough on the outside, soft on the inside.
I bought this for my dad who has an extra large helmet and always had trouble getting helmet bags. There is a TON of extra room and is nice and soft inside. Works great for storage.
No matter the size of the helmet will fit perfectly safe, can be folded nicely so it fit almost anywhere. The interior is very smooth to prevent injury. Very good product
This is a great helmet bag; the bag is lines with fur, big, and sturdy.One note due to the center zipper it can, at times, it can be difficult, especially in the cold weather, to get the helmet in and out.
There are two zippers on this bag, so it gives you the option of having the zippers stored near the top of the bag or off to the side. This is a great helmet bag for the cheap price ; you get what you paid for. Even though the bag doesnt seem too durable itself, as long as it doesnt take too much contact it should last. The inside is a sort of white fluffy cotton style lining. However, if you want an extremely durable bag look somewhere else....
I store my helmets in the trunk of my goldwing and noticed my passenger helmet was being scratched up while riding in the trunk. At first I laid a blanket in there to cushion it. While that helped, it was always in the way. I purchased two of these bags, which work very well. when the helmets are in use they fold up and the space can be used to carry other items.
Bag is big enough for hemet gloves and a sweater.  Quality is appropriate for the price.
I gave this gift to my boyfriend he loves it and it has a lot of room and easy to carry
This helmet bag will definitely help to protect my helmet purchase for years to come....It will keep the extra helmet I carry scratch free...
Padding seems to be adequate for an inexpensive bag. Zipper appears to work well without problems. This is an excellent choice for the part time racer.
Five stars not because it is the most deluxe or versatile bag out there, but because is does a simple thing very well:  It holds your helmet.Not bulky when empty, you can fold the bag and stuff it somewhere while you're riding.  When you get to your destination, you can put your helmet in the bag and carry it with you -- no worries about leaving it on the bike, or having to leave room for the helmet in your topcase or side bags.  And unless your helmet fits Shrek, there is room in the bag for gloves, maybe a light shirt, GPS inside the helmet cavity, etc.I just bought a second bag to hold a new open face helmet, and these bags are where I store the helmets on a shelf just inside the door at home.
More than adequate for its intended use!  Compared to the bags available at the &#34;stealerships&#34;, they are just as good and 35% less expensive.  If you don't find yourself desperately in &#34;need&#34; of a motorcycle brand logo, then THIS is the bag for you!  I have over 100 helmets (with various makes of bags for protection), and these bags are as up to the task as all of the others.
For the money these Raider helmet bags are not too shabby. Inside is a soft furry material of some kind that not scratch my helmets when in storage. I plan to buy another one for my daughter's helmet. Nice product for the price.
This bag is simple and what I needed. Has a solid nylon shell, and a sherpa lining. Two handles on the top. Nice and simple at a good price. I bought two and I'm going to buy a third.
This is a well manufactured bag, that accommodates my helmet very well. The soft lining ensures I can store it without the worry of scratches.
I can't think of anything bad to say .... this is a good medium duty helmet bag , nicely padded , solid double ended zipper. And priced right .
Great for my daughters riding helmet!! She wanted something to keep her hemet in to so it wouldn't get scratched, this has a nice soft lining!!
lots of room for any size helmet and very soft padding inside..would highly recommend, super fast shipping too. mahalo from hawaii
The quality of materials and construction is very good.  I used it for carrying my riding helmet, spurs and lunge line.  Everything fits just fine due to the zipper configuration.My husband drives vintage cars and has tried to steal it for his race helmet.I would recommend this bag.
I have several helmet bags...this one is great for any size helmet and it fits as "a liner" in my saddle bags as well.
a little loose for my suomy helmets. but at least there's plenty of space left to put a spare visor also. wish it had pockets on the side for a ear plugs and what not (or helmet visor removal tool). otehrwise, not bad value. not much padding but i'm coming from a ogio bag too.
This bag was exactly what I needed.  It comfortably holds my full face helmet with room to spare for gloves and glasses.  I use it when the weather cools down in Michigan and I take my helmet into work with me.  Is also great for warm season storage.  I expect my helmet to look new for years.
Big enough to fit a helmet with a snowcross-type visor, and it's padded well. The fabric seems a tad "light weight" but unless you're packing the bag across the country and back, it should be more than sufficient. Mine is used only for off season storage.
I have several different bags BUT this is the best one yet. I now have four bags for each of my helmets and use them to rotate between winter and summer helmets .Easy to use and zippers are fast and non-stick. You never have to worry about scratchs on helmet surface with the extra thick fleece padding . Great item.
These are excellent for the price. They do exactly what I bought them for, protect the helmets from scratches during storage and transport. The fleece lining covers everything and does a good job.They fold up small enough to go in the saddle bags so the helmet can be more easily carried around when one has reached the destination, and the helmet is protected too.  The gf really likes this feature as she has a hard time carrying the helmet around.I have 3 of these. Two are protecting medium and XXL street helmets. The third is protecting an XXL dirt bike helmet with visor, so they are plenty roomy!I highly recommend them for those needing low cost storage type protection from scuffs and scratches.
I bought this to store my helmet instead of keeping it in the box it came in.When it arrived it was bigger than I though but this turned out to be an advantage as I can store not only my helmet, but both my summer and winter gloves, glove liners and next protector, and it looks good enough that my wife doesn't mind it sitting in the dining room.
I use the bag for a large full-face helmet (quad riding).  It fits perfectly in the bag.  It has a soft lining inside so it doesn't get scratched.  My helmet came with a cloth sleeve.  I still put the helmet in the sleeve then place it inside the Raider bag and zip it up.  There are no extra pockets on the Raider bag but this is not a problem for me.  I store my goggles and gloves inside the helmet.  There is really no room in the bag for anything else.  Although I store my helmet in the bag at all times (when I'm actually not using it), I only "used" the bag on one outting.  I have not owned it long enough to comment on long-term normal wear and tear.  But so far it appears durable and meets my needs and expectations.
This helmet bag is the bomb! I have ordered two of these and will be ordering another soon. The bag is soft inside and provides great protection. The bag is large enough to store my neck gaiter and gloves along with my helmet. The zipper is sturdy and smooth. The carrying handles make it easily to carry with you. The bag folds up small for storage in your saddlebag. The price is right too!
This is an excellent padded helmet bag, and worthy of any expensive full-face helmet.  My RF-1000 has never been this safe.  It is big enough to fit virtually any lid out there.  This is a great deal compared to others I've seen...Great job Amazon!
In the costume building world we spend a ton of money on our helmets....and often wait a year for a craftsman to make them one at a time. While inexpensive this has been the choice for 501st Legion members for a few years now because it fits the full size movie accurate Rebel Pilot , TIE and ATAT driver and certain Stormtrooper and Clone  helmets.  I've carried my helmet four four years and more than 60 events in five states in this.Just make sure to vacuum it out to get rid of the cut off ends.  Nothing sticks to a gloss black surface like fuzz.It will not fit a Vader helmet.  Those bags are custom made to the particular helmet.
This is a good, cheap bag.Holds both Simpson and Bell helmets with some room to spare.Soft, sheep skin won't scratch helmet or visor.Large zipper handle.Not a ton of padding, but enough as long as you are not extremely rough on it.Does NOT have room for HANS device along with the helmet.
This Raider helmet bag is a basic no frills bag for keeping your helmet enclosed in a soft fleece lined enclosure (not heavily padded but adequate). With two zippers and two grab handles it makes it easy to hang on to your helmet while you transport it. This is probably the least expensive bag out there and it does the basic job I bought it for. I store my helmet 10mo. per year in the original box. The box is too large, bulky, and hard to grab. But when I dig them out of storage to move them into service for snowmobiling, I need an easy way to grab them up and keep them secure enough to haul to the cabin for the riding season. This bag does just that at a bargain price. Being somewhat careful, I don't need a hardshell or premium bag, just don't want to spend the extra for that. Protecting against scratches and small bumps, this bag does it for me. Also, my helmet is a 3X BV2S, rather large and bulky. This bag is much larger, with room for gloves, extra shield, or whatever. It folds up reasonably small as well. A solid four star performance.
It's cheap, but it looks cheap and it feels cheap. It does, however, do the job I intended for it.  It holds my helmet and prevents scratches and dings. It has a handle so you don't have a hard time trying to hold your helmet while you walk to and from your bike with no danger of the helmet slipping through your fingers and falling to the ground (done that before).  I can easily shove it in my backpack while I'm riding and it doesn't take up an absurd amount of space. It's function over form and for the price I'd definitely buy it again.
Product is great if you need one buy it here. So far so good.  We  will be ordering more soon.
The only reason I can't give this a 5 is the bolts that come with are prone to getting lost in the package. But, it's a good piece.
Information was all there, they sold us what we were looking for. Most places had a weak description of product, this was not the case
I initially purchased this for my saw mill. All thou I had to drill out the 1" hole all the way thru the hub due to the fact that the weld prevented a total axle pass thru this is a great buy.
Seems to be well made. Does the job. We are lifting 2200 lbs. Only minor complaint is that the clutch was not adjusted right so the load slowly releases when turn off power. But there are instructions to fix that.
Works great.  The only suggestion I would make is to change the strap latching system so you don't have to pull the strap all the way out to remove the gas can(s).  Some sort of clasp with adjustable strap length would be an improvement.  It would be easy to buy such a system somewhere else though.  The actual tray seems perfect.  Strong enough yet light enough to do the job.
Did not remove dent but quick delivery and return.
Great to carry Glass or flat sheets metal could pull some dent out... Overall good product built well, Shipping fast,Package fine.would recommend this seller and product.Handy Man!
during the winter storms of 2010, i dented the right front bumper of my honda pilot on a snow drift. it was a large smooth-edged dent (about 6-7 inches wide). after hearing about the idea of these dent pullers on npr, i decided to check out the offerings on amazon. i got this one because it had the best rating. it arrived quickly (only downside is high shipping cost from northern industrial). i took it straight out of the box and went right to the car. the instructions mailed with the product made no sense (they were for another kind of puller), but that didn't matter because it was completely straightforward. i just pushed the dent puller into the dent, the suction grabbed it, and i pulled. pop, out came the dent. in like 5 seconds! i can't believe how much money i saved. this works like a charm. now it's not perfect, there is still a small little dent, but you can't really even tell the dent was there. i am a believer!
After my hood was left unlatched and flew up while driving about 45 mph, it left it pretty dented and mangled. It was an old car, not worth the money to have the hood replaced, so I bought this to pull the dents out myself.  With no instructions, it took a minute to figure out how it worked.  Basically pulling the plunger on top is what allows air into the suction pad when you are ready to release the puller and move to a different spot.  Once I figured it out, I spent the better part of an hour pulling all the dents out of the hood.  There were a lot of them and they were big, but I was able to get about 95% of them fixed to the point they were only noticeable upon very close inspection, and I was able to get the hood back to its normal shape.  I was able to pull on the puller with all my might and it would usually hold but it did slip off once or twice if I wasn't pulling straight, maybe 50 pounds or more of force?  Just a guess, though. The handle also left my hands blistered, so I probably should've used gloves.  But I was happy with my purchase and I'd recommend this product.  Just be prepared to do some work!
This product is awesome, it really worked for me. My rear car door had a huge dent in it and I could easily remove around 70% of dent in few minutes. Dent is still visible but it is far better looking now. It saved me around $500 and I would recommend it to everyone.
This suction dent puller did indeed pull out my  15" shallow dent, but as soon as I let the suction loose, it popped back in. I repeated this several times to try to figure out if I was doing something wrong. Do I need a larger dent puller? Not sure! But the dent puller is amazingly strong. Cannot figure out how to get the dent to stay out. Not sure why it pops back in. Anyone have any advice? Thanks!
I wasn't expecting a lot from this, but I was pleasantly surprised when I heard the unexpected pop of a large-area dent being pulled back into place.  My wife pulled a fairly tight dent from her Jeep, and my step-son pulled a dent out of his old, beat up Celebrity.  I am very happy, as this tool has paid for itself many times over.It's not suitable for all dents, but it has a good range of dents for which it does a great job.  We have a dent on an old car that is situated such that a good vacuum seal can't be established, so we couldn't pull it with this.  Otherwise, we've had great luck with this dent puller.
This product works great for it's intended purpose - large dents that weren't created from a high-impact crash.  I accidentally kicked a large dent in my door by trying to kick it closed when my hands where full.  The dent was about the size of a youth soccer ball.  The heavy duty dent puller pulled it out within a few tries without using adhesive such as other products.  There is still evidence that the car was damaged (a ding mark), but it looks a helluva lot better than it did with a huge dent.  I had another dent from a high-impact accident I had with a deer and I got close to pulling it out but ultimately couldn't because the suction would release whenever i got close to pulling it out (although this dent was more serious and has been on my car for several years).  I highly recommend giving this product a try for low-impact, larger dents. I can't attest to how it works with small dings and dents but am guessing by that other products may be better for those because the size of this product's suction mouth is rather wide.
I wish I got this earlier, before the paint peeled of the edge of the dent. Worked perfectly first time.
This is not strong enough for a dent the size of a grapefruit. I would not buy again. I took car to a professional.
This Northern indstrial Dent Puller is incredible strong, fixed my problem.  The car is back to it's beauty after few pullers
This little thing works pretty darn good!  Worth the money and didn't have to go to a body shop.  Needs a pretty flat surface to get good suction.  Otherwise a little patience and you can get a lot of dents out with it.
This does work you should try it. My dad and I did not know how to use it but we used common sense and pushed it in and popped it out. I had two big dints on driver's side. I had one big dint on my driver's door and driver's rear door. Both dints popped out and it saved me alot of money. I took my car to Maaco last week and got an estimate on a paint job and they charged me an extra $250 for all the dints on my car. This does work.
This suction cup has great suction and can pull out almost any dent if you have the pulling power to use it.
It is excellent and helpful tool to be used for minor dents in any vehicle. I have also used to move a very heavy and large piece of glass that was placed on top of the dining table at home. It really is very heavy duty and durable and worth to be in every house.
I have a big dent in my car's bumper. This did work well by getting glued to the bumper but I just couldn't pull the dented portion out. Though the dent still remains it's not because of this device, rather it's because I'm not strong enough to pull the dent out (I'm not that big!).
It definitely pulled the dents out. It was very easy to operate and I didn't need strength like a man to pull it out.
Works better for bigger dents that the suction cup can fit into. I was able to make the soccer ball sized dent into about a half dollar size. Its definitely nice in the suburban area i live since it seems my vehicles attract dent making objects!
I had a dent on the side of the door.  I pulled this out of the box and very easily removed the dent.  The handle is very solid and the suction is very strong as well.  Good product.
I was pulling out of a garage and I slid my car door against the wall.  I large circular dent including my trim was dented in.  I ordered this product based on reviews.  I went out to my car when this arrived and it took ten seconds to fix.  I now have a slight dent that is almost invisibe from most angles.  I would suggest this to anybod that has a large dent that is not cracked in.  Best of luck.
Very good for pulling out small to meduim dents.does not do as well on contoured surfaces, were there is less  surface contact for the suction cup to seat on.
I ordered this product to fix a large dent in my daughter's car, from someone kicking it. There were no scratches or damage other than the a foot sized dent. I cleaned and dried the area placed the dent puller on and in three tries the large dent was gone. I had hoped it would work, but I didn't expect such great results. My husband came home saw the car and started using it to remove dents/door dings on his car. It worked!
I can pretty much pull my car with this suction cup.It didn't solve my problem, but is because the dent was too severe, but I can rock my car back and forth with the power of this thing.In order to fixt a dent, the dent needs to be big enough and the right type, but if it is something that can be fixed with a suction cup, I don't thing it gets better than this one
I purchased this item after reviewing some positive results in this forum.  My daughter's car had a dent (approximately 10" diameter) on the right front fender of her Honda Accord because women can't drive in a straight line.  So, I took the vehicle to the local "reputable" repair shop for an estimate.  Having been there before they gave a real "deal" on the estimate for approx $900.00.  They were to repair the dent, prime, sand and paint and polish to match the car.  I thanked them for their kind estimate and thought this item (dent puller) would be worth a try.  Well, after immediately receiving the item, I gave it a try.  I must say I am completely satisfied with the results.  I attached the suction cup to the damaged area of the vehicle and popped out the dent, leaving only a small portion unchanged.  So the result was, I removed 90% of the dent for about $10.00.  THe remaining 10% of the dent is completely unnoticeable unless you know where to look, so I'm pleased with the results.  The only reason I gave this item 4 stars was because I had to use it two or three times to achieve the results I was satisfied with.  In any event, I recommend trying this before you pay the local Body & Fender guy a ton of money.  It's fast and easy to use, just clean the area for maximized suction, after attaching the dent puller, pull straight out and "POP!" there, you're done!!!  My non-driving daughter loves me, my wife (another bad driver) loves me and my wallet loves me, I'm a happy man : )
I had two dents in my car, and now I have one.  The dent that was successfully pulled was about 18" in diameter and shallow with no crease... It was the classic butt on the hood that wouldn't pop itself out for a year...  That dent came out with no problem.  The other dent was about 12" and is a bit deeper.  It's on a rear quarter panel.  The dent puller made that dent into a 10" dent, a bit shallower than before.  Overall, I really wasn't expecting much, but this suction cup is incredibly strong.  I am satisfied, despite still having one dent left to go.
This surprisingly worked on pulling out shopping cart dents on my 2007 Mercury Milan.  My car apparently attracts shopping carts.  I had about 4 of them and the suction sucked it right out...
This product has a ton of suction power.  Works really well on large dents.  Did okay on a small dent but did better on the large one.  I'm glad I purchased this product.
I received a small dent in the real of my car while parked in a hospital parking lot.  My husband ordered this little tool to see if we could save a trip to the body shop.  It really worked.
I have a dime size dent on my car's door (flat panel). Tried multiple times and it didn't do anything.On top of that, seller expects me to pay for shipping for return.Stay away!!
I had a dent in the rear driver side panel just above the bumper on my Subaru Outback. The dent was about the size of a  coconut and i figured I would try the dent puller before I spent $200 (hopefully) to have it pulled.  I started using the puller and slowly but surely it pulled the dent.  It took a little over an hour and multiple pulls. Please bear in mind that this is a tool and not a magic wand.  The dent comes out in stages, work from the outside toward the center. Sometimes progress is slow, but you will sense that things are moving along.  Don't expect the tool to do all the work, you have to have some heft to pull a dent. I am 5'10" and 245 and believe me, it was a workout.  I think this is a good product,and it saved me a trip to the body shop. I would recommend it but also counsel patience.4
The Product worked well for my dent very strong i would recommend it for any large dent on a car
it didn't get the job done.i juess find a good use for it will be my next next job.hmm ok
I bought this to help remove, or at least improve, a watermelon-sized dent in my car's quarter panel.  As it turns out, the suction cup is larger than I expected.  The diameter of the suction cup measures just under 5" or about the diameter of a grapefruit.  Unfortunately, this puller couldn't remain sucked onto the dented panel because the surface of the panel wasn't flat enough.  As a result, all edges of the suction cup couldn't make contact, and the puller couldn't get a good enough seal to remain suctioned to the panel, allowing me to pull out the dent.  When I purchased this, I was expecting the suction cup to be smaller, which I think would have made it more likely I could find a section of the dent that was flat enough to get a good seal.I'm going to have to send this back.  I'm giving it five stars, though, because the build quality looks to be good (the handle is metal, and the rubber is thick and appears to be of good quality).  I'm sure this would work well with the right shape of dent.  Before purchasing, I recommend you find a cup or jar with an opening that is just under 5" in diameter, and place it on the dent you have.  If all edges of your cup or jar can't make full contact with the panel, you won't be able to get a good seal and pull out your dent with this.
The large soft rubber suction cups conform better and have stronger suction than two other competitors that I have tried.These are strong.
This item worked so well on the big dent put into my vehicle by a high-impact shopping cart. Unfortunately, it was too large to apply suction to the smaller ones there before and left behind. I would gladly recommend this item to anyone who has a large dent in any part of a vehicle. I mean it pulled the dent out almost instantly. I just wish I could find the same type and brand of item for smaller dents. And if I could rate this one greater than 5 ,I would.
Have a large dent on my car. Tried to use this dent puller. Did not do the job . Also there were not instructions or tips on how to use this device. I am going to return it
Provides an excellent grip.  Good for pulling non-creased dents from car panels, which is what I purchased it for.  I can see other uses for it around the house as well.
I bought this about two weeks ago and received it in great condition. I was skeptical about this product but after pulling a decent size dent out of my car, I was pretty impressed with the suction power. I had a pretty decent creased dent, basically two dents in my driver door. After going to the body shop and getting the damage appraised at $1,500.00 I decided to take my own route. So, I came online looking for something a little cheaper to repair damages myself. First, I had my eye on the glue dent puller but after some reviews I looked a little further and ran across this product. The reviews looked good and it was a lot cheaper than the glue puller so I ran with it. I received the package in a timely manner and in great condition in its original packaging and Northern Tool & Equipment even sends a huge catalog of products with your order so you get to see all their cool little gadgets, prices aren't bad either. Anyway I pulled the big dent out of my car with 1 tug and did my best with the other. With a little determination and the right placing I pulled the whole thing out pretty well. This thing saved me $1,470.00 I could have wasted at a body shop. I mean its not perfect but I'm not driving around with a huge dent in my door anymore and the damage now is minimal compared to before. Great product and seller
I had to remove a large dent in the side of my truck, and found this device.  It worked like a charm, and pulled it out.  Only bad thing is that I am not on the mailing list of the selling company and get their junk mail often.  Boo!
Although I wasn't able to pull out a large dent cleanly, this puller took my full weight against it before it popped. I think that is all we can ask.
It is made of metal and you can support the grip by the lever.  It is very powerful.  You pull and the dent comes out.
I like it .It is very strong. I used it for my car dent area. it sucked and pull out so easily. It is worthy for me. Thanks
I had a big dent on my bumper, with this tool I was able to get it out with several pulls in 20 min. I'm a 100 pound female and I have no experiences with these kind of tools, just so you get the idea how easy is to use. my car looks like new :) couldn't be happier.
I had a dent towards the front of where my driver door opens. The bigger dent affected how it opened. The puller was affective on the smaller dents around it but the bigger dent did not come out.  I'm glad I have this for future dents.  Would recommend for small dents.
It was a pretty big size tent, and it worked great pulled the tent right out, everyone should use this item. Thank you......
I purchased this to fix several small dents on my car (some on doors, some on hood)Guess what..... NOT ONE dent was removed with this, it puller the metal alright but did not pul the small dents one bit.DO NOT PURCHASE FOR SMALL DENTS! WASTE OF MONEY!
I got a huge dent on side of my door and tried using this product to fix it, or at least make it look better.  I got some of the dent out and still working on rest of it.  Meanwhile, few issues/tips.1. You definitely need a good amount of strength to use this!  Also, wearing gloves help since it puts a lot of strain on your fingers as you're pulling with all your might (in my case anyway).2. The dent doesn't come out at once in my experience. So, you have to use it several times to get it out.3. Clean the surface of the dent for better suction.  I haven't tried it yet, but slightly dampening might improve the suction as well.
Someone banged the side of my car, putting a lovely basketball dent in it. Tried this and it took about 90% out. Just the little ones it has problems with, but it works.
I bought this product hoping to pull a dent, not to hear it pop. Every time I tried to pull on a dent it would pop off and nothing happened. It may be a good carrier for glass, but this is not a dent puller and not worth anything I spent on it.
A block of ice,12"by12" had hit the cab roof on my van and had put a good size dent in it.It fell from a height of 16 feet and the the little rubber "suction cup" that I have had for years did not do anything.I checked out all the ones on Amazon and decided that this one looked Tough-Enough. Well,you could open a Dent-Removal business with this Dent Puller,it works that Well!!!
This should be labeled a glass carrier because thats what it was made for.  To carry large flat object that it can suck on to.  I tried it on several car dents and the suction cup it way to big to pull most dents.  It would only work for very large, very flat dents.
I was disappointed in this as it would not pull any of the dents. But to be fair my dents did have a slight crease in them which might have been why.
I had a small, but noticeable, 4" x 4" dent in the tank of the little TW200 motorcycle I just purchased.  I'll note that the dent was rather shallow with no creases.  Given the price tag, I figured that this dent puller was worth a shot.  Once I received the item, I wiped the tank off with a bit of rubbing alcohol.  I pressed the puller up against the tank, and during the initial stages of the first pull, I heard a very satisfying "POP" as the dent was pulled out.  I pulled HARD on the puller to fully remove it from the tank.  The dent was barely noticeable at this point.  I repeated the process about 20 times to fully remove any hint of the dent's existence.  The tank is back to 100% now.A few points/clarifications:A couple of reviews claimed that there was not enough suction to make this device effective.  I suspect that these people were not able to create an effective seal with the puller during application.  I'm a 36 year old, extremely athletic man who works out on a daily basis.  I had to brace the bike with one arm while pulling with nearly all of my strength in order to pop the suction device off of my tank.I found that the key was to pull SLOWLY and straight back.  When doing so, the seal that creates the suction is not broken prematurely by lateral/vertical forces and you can attain a tremendous amount of pulling power.The dent on my tank was very shallow and uniform.  I'm sure that this device would have little effect on a dent that involved actual creasing of the metal, but YMMV.
It wont pull out my dent in my car it doesn't even stick to pull the dents out this is a waste of money don't buy.
Used out of desperation and lack of money to get a dent in front hood in awkward place to have to use paintless dent remover pro, so tried this instead. Small impression of dent still in hood, but it looks much better and can be mistaken for a shadow now. I can deal with that. Worked very sturdy, did it myself as a not super buff woman in my 20s and felt the pull and heard and saw the pop out of dent.
Works great on large dents, not too bad on small dents but makes it so much better! Definitely worth the money.
Its works for BIG dents only. The dent has to be around 10 inches across for this thing to work.
It did a good job fixing a large dent on my car. You can still see a crease but it looks much better. It also didn't do anything on smaller dents on my car. It surprisingly didn't come with any instructions, but was easy to figure out how to use it. Overall I would recommend it, but don't expect perfect results.
Product arrived timely as is more heavy duty than I imagined.  It is definitely for smaller dents, which I have.  I could not pull the dent out entirely (maybe I need more muscle to do) but it does look better.
My wife had dent on her camry bumper and I managed to pull 75% of it out with this sucker. Works well for $20
Does not pull out a dent on a curved bumper.  Would only work on a flat door panel or hood.
This thing does not work at all for removing dents.  This is why professionals do it!  This thing is meant to carry glass and that is exactly what it should be used for.
Works great for medium sized dents: softball to basketball sized.  Very easy to use.Does not work well for smaller golf ball sized dents.  I will be trying another dent puller of smaller diameter suction cup for those.Also works great for picking up glass panes, if done in a wise considerate manner.
Worked great, took out a large dent in my hood that would've cost $1,000 to fix (bodyshop said hood needed to be replaced).  Hood isn't 100% fixed, but the small remaining dent isn't noticeable unless you are close to the car.  Will probably buy a smaller dent puller to attempt to fix the remaining damage in the future, but this works for now.
I was surprised it was made out of metal. After about 3 tries in 2 minutes, my 16 inch dent was down to a small 4 inch dent. I am not sure if it will get that small of a dent out, but it looks better than it did before. I would recommend this item for large dents.
Yes, this contraption is pretty cool.  I've pulled the dent on my vehicle (which had NO metal creases) and several dents out of my friend's vehicles, which also had no creases.  The problem with the crease is that the dent just pulls right back in.  Creases usually occur from high impacts, which bends the metal.  This device will pull dents that are say, caved in.  Hope this makes sense.
The side of my door was dented badly from a telephone pole. I used a plunger to try and pop it out, it worked okay but there was still a large part of the dent that the plunger could not pull out. I ordered this dent puller, and the suction is amazing, I was able to lift up my wooden dining room table off the ground with the suction of this tool alone. The dent puller worked great, I was able to pull the entire dent out with this tool quickly and easily.
Heavy-duty, well-made, especially for the price. Works best on wide & shallow dents, tho it takes a lot of strength -- but that's because it works. A clean, wet surface is best, but that also means a tendency to slide off the target at the last moment. I would buy it again for large dents without grooves.
Very simple problem corrected by a well made tool. This dent puller easily attached to my sons car and popped an impact dent right out. It is barely visible now. The puller is well made and has a pressure relief for handle for getting a perfect and tight fit.
I used this dent puller to try and remove the dents out of a refrigerator door.  Unfortunately, it didn't work, but it wouldn't work on most fridges due to their metal-over-foam door construction, which I learned about only after purchasing this puller.That said, I was very satisfied with my purchase.  I liked the heavy-duty steel-and-rubber construction.  You could probably drive a car over it and it would not break. My only complaint was that the rubber suction cup left a thin film on the metal that you were trying to pull, which was a little tough to remove.I could see myself owning this puller for a very long time.  It was more expensive than the others, but one of the best available on Amazon.  I would recommend it for anyone looking for a dent puller that will last them for years.  In this case, you really get what you pay for.
This puller worked so well.  Someone hit my car Honda Civic in a parking lot and didn't leave a note. I was left with a large melon sized dent one the front corner of the passenger side bumper.  I tried other dent pullers but they were not strong enough or they weren't flexible enough to get a good grip.I took the car to a local place to get an estimate; they said I needed a new bumper which would cost around $500.  After about 6-7 tries I was able to get the dent out of my car.  This item is worth every penny for bigger dents.
I give this product a total of 3 stars because it could work in some situations, but was unable to remove my dent. I deducted another star for the high shipping cost, which was so that they could include a large catalog. And I deduct a second star because the product did not come with proper instructions.
Had a soccer ball sized dent from backing into a pole - on rear bumper pass-side at the curve of the bumper. The dent puller pulled this out, it was creased (the dent ) which when pulled out left a remainder: a linear "ding". This I believe is due to the location of the dent on a curved portion of the bumper.However, for $30 (including tax & shipping) it did what it was expected to do very well. A bit of touch up paint and looks like a small ding/ cart accident - before was a crater (soccer ball sized, apx 3 inches deep at maximum depth).For comparison to future shoppers this bumper is fiberglass composite. (Not rubber/ metal)Prior tried the plastic suction which would not stick (also by Northern supply).Overall - recommend if you do not want to drop upwards of $800 on a perfect repair. Will not fix cosmetic problems like scratch or remainder crease but will make a large dent less horrific. Overall saves about $150 off a sloppy pullout job.
This is nothing more then a plunger with a handle. Didnt help at all, I would not recommend this product. If a plunger doesnt work on your dent, neither would this. Save your money.
I have a 2002 Grand Am GT.  A few months ago, we received a huge dent on the door on the backseat driver's side.  It was about 2 inches deep, and about 8 inches long...very noticable and ugly.  I'm not too familiar with auto repair at all, but I figured I would give something like this a try.  I wasn't too sure if I would be able to bend dented metal with only a rubber suction cup, but sure enough, with just a slightest pull after affixing this to my car, the dent popped out!  There is a crease in the door where the dent used to be, but I figured that would be the case.The little black grip in the middle of the product is to release suction instead of trying to break the seal around the rubber cup.  The handle is solid and could easily handle more force than what I needed it for.
The dent puller was awesome! It didn't pull out the dent completely, which I was prepared for. The dent was centered around a piece of molding, so I wasn't able to center the suction cup, but it got most of the job done. I am very pleased with this product and recommend it to anyone who has a dent in their car larger than the size of a softball. Anything smaller would need a smaller product.
the product was good. It worked pulled dent right out. It paid for it self. It is a good tool to have.
I had a dent in my car's quarter panel and used this on a whim since it was only $20.  It did the job well enough.  The dent was an odd shape at the crest of the panel, but it pulled most of it out and now you can't tell there was ever a dent there unless you run your finger along it.  But no doubt it worked and would've been seamless in a different location of the fender.
I had an 18" dent right above the driver side's rear tire.  Looks like someone was trying to pull in and hit me.  Goes to show you some people these days will drive away rather then leave a note.  I looked this up on amazon and decided to give it a try.  To my surprise it worked like a charm.  I'm quite happy and would recommend this to anyone trying to remove a large dent.
This product is great for larger dents... I thinks it's a great product... I wish that this same company made a prduct for small dents, too
I have dents on both sides of my car as a result of my car hitting the side rails at the automatic car washing machine.  I took my car to the auto repair/service place for an estimation and they would charge me $1000 to fix it, which involves breaking my car apart, fix the dents, put it back together and repaint, and that will take a week to do all that.  I was like..Wow.. that's gonna break my bank and what am I going to do without a car for a week???  As a result, I checked online to see if I had any other choices and that is when I came across this little, handy tool.  I was a bit skeptical, but decided to buy the product because it has a good review.  I was even more skeptical when I received the product and read the instruction sheet that came with it that said the puller was to use for lifting stuffs like glasses, table, but I saw no where that it mentioned the puller was for pulling the dents.Anyhow, I tried it anyway.  And to my surprise, it actually worked.  It did pull the dents out, but it didn't fix the dents completely.  It could be that because the dents on my car are at the edges, so they were hard for the puller to pull them out.  I can see that if you dents are away from the edge, then you may be luckier at fixing it.  Anyhow, it did the job to the point that I am happy with the result.  Anyhow, I want to warn you that the dent puller is rather big (about 5-6 inches), so it may not be able to fix the small dents.  However, if you are like me who do not want to pay $1000 to fix the dents, you can always buy it and try it, After all, this product including shipping comes out less than $30.
Used this on my passenger side fender to get dent out of quarter panel worked great....my dent had a slight bend whcih remained but i couldnt really expect more.  definitely does the job as is well made.  can see many uses for it.....worth the cost definitely
I bought this based on reviews after someone banged into the the corner of my rear bumper.  The box it came in said it was a dent puller, but the instructions (for the same exact item) said it was for carrying panes of glass.  I'm sure as a glass carrying tool it would be very effective, but unless you've got 5 inch diameter of flat surface to adhere it to, it's not going to stick.  I could adhere it to my car door or my trunk lid, but could not get it to stick to any part of the dent on my bumper even after trying for over a half an hour.  I was so frustrated I almost took a rubber mallet to it to see if making the dent even bigger would help, but I had enough sense not to try it.So for me, it was totally useless and $20 down the drain. If someone ever sits on the hood of my car, or if I ever have a large pane of glass to carry, I'm sure it will come in handy.  For what I bought it for it was worthless.
I bought this product after the Ding King failed :(  It was was a softball sized dent in my sister's Sunfire door.  In two seconds, the majority of the dent was out.  Just a few tiny dents and creases remain (which the Ding King still can't fix).  It was definitely worth the money though.
We hooked this up to the hitch on a pickup and pulled out a creased dent from the back of a car. There is still a smaller dent that we couldn't pull out, but the car looks much more presentable.
We ordered this dent puller based upon good reviews without much confidence that it would remove a big dent in the rear of our 4Runner.  We were pleasantly surprised when it pulled out the dent and saved us a big bill at the body repair shop.  We strongly recommend this product.
This worked great to repair a two to three-inch dent on the hood of my 2003 Honda Accord. It worked as soon as I tried it. The dent somehow popped back out once I applied the suction and pulled. I'm glad that I saved a trip to the body shop.Cons:1. The instructions aren't terribly good, but there is really only one way you can use the device. It should be obvious, once you get it in your hands.2. This won't fix paint damage. Rather, it will just pop dents back out.3. I think this is likely to work better for larger dents (like my 3" one) than for smaller nicks. If you have a dent that looks like hail damage, this is probably not your tool.This tool was a great savings of time and hassle.
It didn't wok on the dent I had on my car but maybe The dent was bigger than what this tool can handle. I am sure it would work on smaller dents but it did not work on mine.
Used it to pull a dent out of the side of my Maytag drying center.  Worked perfectly.
Worked great getting out basketball size dent from my 08 altima....:) would recommend before spending $600.00Six stars if I could...
I bought this product hoping to pull a dent, not to hear it pop. Every time I tried to pull on a dent it would pop the dent out. Then once i let go would let go the Dent would go back in. I must have spent a couple hours pulling the dent from the center and from the outside edge working my way to the center.  DId Not work WASTE of money
Worked great on typical butt on the hood scenario. Lots of power. Will pull larger dents as long as there is no crease.
I had a round indentation about the 6 inches across, half an inch deep, on my metal car door. The dent puller fit right over it, pulled it out on the first try with a satisfactory popping sound.
Good suction power, good handle, good de-suction mechanism. The reason why i gave only 4 stars is bcoz you can repair only large dents with it. They should have included smaller ones for small dents which is very common on vehicles.
This is a very good product. Pull a dent out of my car without a problem. Very happy with this item
Tried to remove a dent but it just work for me. I tried over and over but the dent just would not pop out.
worked ok but just not strong enough to take out the dent i had .... so really couldn't use it
For what it is designed for, this product does an outstanding job.  Suction power is impressive.  So much so, that if user is not careful, excessive pulling can actually aggrevate a bad situation to begin with.Product is not very effective for dents over two inches in diameter, although by pulling around the periphery of small dents may pop them out anyway.  I suggest wetting surface before applying tool for a better seal.For dents more than two inches in diameter, does a great job and I highly recommend this tool.  Well worth the money spent.Very satisfied with product.  Priced competitively.  The first dent it removes, pays for the price of the tool and more.
Excellent tires!!  Would definitely buy from this seller again.  All I had to do was air them up, slip them on the axle, and we were good to go.  Got 2 of them for my garden cart, and they are great.
I have a garden way cart and this item fits perfectly. The cart is pretty indestructible but tires need to be replaced after 30 or so years.
I bought two wheel and tire assemblies to replace the ones on my garden cart.  They arrived in good condition and all I had to do was air them up and put them on the cart, which I did in about 10 minutes.  They fit perfectly and work as well as the originals plus I saved 50%.  I am happy.
Very pleased.  The wheel was about 1/2 inch narrower so I cut a piece of pvc and it is working well.
If you have one of the carts,this is perfect fit. Don't wait, get these, yes pricey but makes the cart roll with one finger. Wish I had done it sooner.
perfect replacement for my mower.  hard to find a 16&#34; wheel for these older mowers. looks just like the ofactory one
I looked around for days for the best deal on replacement tires for an old wheelbarrow and for the money, these are the best tires you can buy. As good, if not better than tires that cost between $35-$45.
Replaced  my 12 inch tires on my golf pull cart. They make my golf clubs sit up better and it is easier to get the clubs out of the bag.
I used the wheels for the back of a go-cart. The only problem was the axil I bought was slightly bigger than the bore on the wheel, even though both were the same size.
i needed a tire tool that was made good and this is it worked good on removing a tire i liked it
When I ordered 2 of these tire spoons, I was concerned that they might not hold up to tractor tires. Not a problem. They are heavy duty and long enough to give good leverage even on 28 inch tires. When ordering an item, sometimes there is an idea of what I would LIKE to have, and another idea of what I might actually receive. This was as good or slightly better than I had hoped for. And I can add "ease of ordering" and "prompt delivery" in the 5 star column also.
I bought this along with a manual tire changer and was immediately cussing myself for spending almost $30 (including shipping).....But once I started the mounting process I was very, very thankful I had bought this.  It wouldn't have happened without it....In fact, I really needed two of them.  I was mounting really stiff walled after market ATV tires and they were a b&*^& to mount but this spoon made it much much easier.
Simple and effective tool that works the way it is supposed to.  Not too hard to mess that up. ,
The price on these seemed pretty low but I placed the order anyways.  I was  very pleased to get my order within a week and the spoons were good quality steel.
I bought ten gallons of this stuff for my parts washer and tried it full strength. The only thing it cleaned was my hands. Just pushed grease around. Finally used a bit of Simple Green and it took the grease right off.Stay away from this product unless you want to waste your hard earned cash.
This thing is now an indispensable part of our paint shop. You can adjust it to fit just about anything. And our jobber wanted a LOT more than I paid through Amazon.
Well, lets face it.  It just looks cool.Fits fine, though we did have to grease the ball of our hitch to get it on and off easily.
This is going to be a christmas present. I love finding unique things and this is deffinitely a unique gift.
I love my moose so much that when it was stolen I simply got another.  Actually, it's fairly difficult to steal because it fits pretty tightly on a 1 7/8" hitchball. It's very functional as well as cute because it keeps you from slamming your shin into the ball by capturing your attention.  He can go through a carwash unscathed too. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000AX9BW/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_img
The picture doesn't do this Moose justice.............. it's a lot nicer than the picture.  Matter a fact my dad love's it for his ATV hitch.
Bought this for my brother in law he opened it and was in love perfect accessory to his jeep. He's a fisherman
Bright Colors and great detail in the style, I get lots of smiles from everyone that sees it on the hitch ball.It is soft, thick vinyl and with a 2" ball, I had to use a "shoehorn" to get it on!YES, I would recommend this to others!
This gets attention wherever I go! I had a lady stop me going through the parking lot at a grocery store so she could snap a photo to show her Dad. I'm not sure how much it protects the ball on the vehicle, but it sure looks good, if you're into fishing.
Wife took it and has it on her dash.  Great for a Lab lover.  As for a ball cover well I'll proably never know.
Great tool, used it a couple of times and once even broke a bold trying to tighten it. it has 2 settings for loosening and tightening but as previous reviewer said, no indication what the torque range is for those settings.Be cautious: this is NOT for small jobs, you might easily overtighten bolts with this.....
I have used ingersall air guns for many years in tire shops. they last for years and take a lot of use with few problems. This one is for my home shop so it should last me for years.
I just wrote this review and I couldnt see the item I was talkinb about... When I get the item I will post it againSORRY
New to car maintenance, i suppose most people buying these know what they are in for. Mine couldn't remove the bolts holding my truss rods on to the base of my car, and i thought it was defective. It really didn't seem to have any power at all. Took it to a friend who is a mechanic and he hooked it up to his compressor. The thing screamed and torqued so much when you squeezed the trigger you had to brace yourself or your'd feel like it'd twist your wrist right off your hand. Turns out the recommended 100 or so max psi the manual says to run this at really isn't enough, my mechanic runs his at about 200psi. works like a charm
quick review: tool works as expected from this IR impact.  I assume most people who are looking at this specific model know what they need and are mainly here for the price.  Amazon's price was very competitive and delivery was very quick.
Everyone and their grandma makes a pnuematic tool these days. I'm a fan of Ingersol Rand, and have been for years. For the light shop work I do around the garage, this model 236 is all that a home mechanic needs.
At work I have been using the model 235 for over 15 years and it's perfect ever time, couple drops of 3n1 oil in air coupler before you start is the trick. I put on a 3/4&#34; reducer and hammer off bolts with a 1-5/16 socket for a 100 h.p. Boom mower blades, maybe a little undersized, but like I said we been doing this for years.They don't make the 235 anymore so I will purchase the model 236 that is replacing the 235 for personal use.
This is a great air impact tool, it's built quality is first grade.The biggest advantages are the weight, low noise and high end torque.Though the working torque it's not great, has the advantage of low air consumption.
I was disappointed that the impact wrench could not remove the lug nuts from my 30 HP tractor.  My neighbor's 1/2&#34; cordless hammer drill did the trick.
bought this item to replace bent stock tail gate. Easy to install and looks good. Highly recommended item for any truck.
this is a good product at a fair price, i would recommend this product.the tailgate fit my truck just as advertised.
A great product for the price.  Fits and looks nice. I recommend it to anyone looking for a great price and great product.  All metal, no plastic.
I bought this to replace the factory tailgate on my Silverado which was dented.  Now with an 8 foot bed on a crew cab 2500HD, I can actualy see behind the truck while backing up. Very good price with Prime 2 day shipping is a fantastic deal.
it cheaper to buy it at northern tools than it is to buy it online. Youll save $20dollars buying it somewhere else than you would here.
I have 2 of these bags.  I keep one in my wifes turk and one in mine.  It is awesome, we dodnto hear any rattling from the hitch, ping and light adapter when driving and it is always where I need the items.
It is a very loose fit.  I'm going to have to shim it to keep it from moving a lot.  This is a very poor design - try a different brand.
Product is well made and appears to be coated to prevent rust. It connected easily to the end of a chain with a shackle and worked great the first time I used it.
These are some heavy duty and a truckers must have. I have these in my truck for all my on and off road needs and these are perfect. From small to large batteries this thing juices them quick and the parrott clamps are strong and grip very tightly.
I found it to be a quality made tool. I bought it to remove my dog dish hub caps. It does the job very well and takes away worry with regard to marring up the hub cap or wheel when using this tool.
This old school tool is just what I needed for removing and installing the full wheel hubcaps on my Studebaker Daytona
This tool makes it so easy to pop the hub caps off my Studebaker , I will never use a Screw driver again .
Does what it is supposed to do. Delivery was very quick. I am satisified. Makes removal so very easy. Rubber mallet end is much better than hitting with a hammer.
Just what I needed to remove hub caps from my vintage truck.  A hard to find item.
My husband had lost the hub caps off his truck.  We got new ones buy he needed this tool to get them on.  Worked great and now his truck looks great.
This thing is pretty handy.  It is angled perfectly to remove the hubcap.  And, it's actually pretty solid.  So, it's easy to pound them back on.
Great tool, but the end you stick under the hub cap is way too wide. I used a bench grinder and removed around half the material at the tip. Stick works perfectly.
Not too much to say about this tool.  It help you remove, and re-install the wheel covers with relative ease.  It does the job.
Finally!  A tool that does exactly what it is supposed to do.I didn't even know these things existed.  I had been using a screw driver to pop off hubcaps and the result is chipping the paint and marring the wheel.  This tool is perfect!  No more chips.
If you looking for an inexpensive tool for removing  your hub caps safely...than look no further. I just wanted something that would let me pop off (and on) my caps with damage and this did the trick. It has a nice little mallet to help you attach the caps without scratching them.Thank you!
Rubber bumper on Hub Cap Remover fell off in my hand as soon as I removed it from the shipping box.
I bought this item to replace the old ones on my toolbox. The latches were very easy to install and I have not had any problems out of them. I would say this is a great product to buy if you are looking to replace your latches.
I ordered this because I recently happened to get a toolbox for my truck, but this toolbox had no keys.  This latch is a quality product and is fairly easy to install.  My one and only complaint is that these latches are not available as keyed-alike pairs, however other than that I think this a great product.
Excellent product and very easy to install.  I am very happy with this product and recommend others to purchase if needed.
Product  works real good for me but I expected to get the top part to hook it shut.  Thank you anyway Lloyd
I bought a couple of these to use with my fluid filled tractor tires. Well made and appears to be accurate compared to my other gauges. I would purchase these again.
It's great to know that in a market awash with low quality import products that you can still get a US made tire gauge and at a reasonable price. I have other Milton gauges that I've had for 25+ years and they are still going strong. This particular gauge has a spring loaded return so that when you check the pressure on your water filled tires, it expels the water from the gauge otherwise it works like any other.
I mean wow for any gauge is wacked, but man this thing is really great! very sturdy, solid and spring activated. just filled tires with fluid and now I feel comfortable with their readings. this thing is sweet and would never buy just an air gauge, which are usually plastic and flimsy. cant go wrong with this.  even with S&H being more than that actual gauge. unless I found it at a pep boys, advanced, or r&s I would be happy to pay $10+ for it because it has the feel of worth as well.
works great,accurate and easy to use.hard to find a liquid guage localy for a resonable price.This fits the bill and highly recomend it. scott
Very sturdy construction.  Seems built to last.  Won't break if you drop it (like the last one that I had).  Made in U.S.A.
difficult to use with tire sensors(tpms),difficult to read, not what I expected maybe good for somebody else didn't work for me.
This inflator is the same one you see at truck stops, where it has been laying out there for thirty years and IT STILL WORKS. It is a very high-quality tool that should last forever.  It's a joy to use because it does exactly what it's supposed to do (unfortunately that is becoming the exception rather than the rule).  I got the dual-foot model because I have a dually but it works perfectly on other wheels too.
I have used these inflators for over 40 years and time after time they proved their quality construction, even after being dropped many times on concrete floors.My only wish is that they would measure down to 2 or 3lbs accurately as to be used on low pressure ATV tires.
I bought this to more easily check and set the rear tire pressures on my dually.  It's a quality built piece, and does the job as intended.  Initially it has been a little difficult to get it on the valve stems, but I imagine the chuck will wear in a bit with use.  My gauge reads the same as a Blue Point dial gauge that I've been using for a long time, and I don't see any difference in the reading after releasing the fill valve vs. removing and reattaching to the stem.  This makes setting air pressures tremendously faster than having a separate chuck and pressure gauge.
I have tried other tire inflators, I ended up returning them as they were crap, not made in the USA. If it was not for a friend I would have been stranded with the original f brand I bought. I have tested this piece and it works great. GO USA!
The quality on this piece is great.  I'm very pleased.  I purchased this and a lock on air chuck in order to create a remote tire inflation device for airing up split rim wheels for the first time.
I recently went to Autozone and asked for a Milton tire gauge. They not only did not sell them, they had never heard of them. I reluctantly spent $17 on one of Autozone's company gauges. Upon checking my tractor tires that evening it broke. I returned it and ordered this Milton gauge. I have used Milton gauges for years and have been highly satisfied. Even though Milton's are twice as expensive as the general store bought gauges, they seem to me to be worth it. The user should oil the gauge sparingly once every three months - 3 drops will do.
Product works great. Stays on valve stems effortlesly.Only problem the straight front end would not work on 98 Ford RV front wheels.  I am changing the tip to a angle end.
THIS IS THE SECOND GAUGE I HAVE ORDERED. I ORDERED ON A MONDAY AND RECEIVED ON WEDNESDAY.VERY SATISFIED WITH PRODUCT AND SERVICE. I WOULD NOT HESITATE TO ORDER FROM AMAZON.COM.MILTON S516 WINDOW TIRE INFLATOR GAUGE.PINSHOT
This product, like many people have experienced, is very well made, and great to have around, and many are working at 30 years of age. I have no real complaints about the quality of this product for my primary use, which is speedily checking the pressure and airing up the tires for my trucks, trailers, daily drivers.  The only flaw with my gauge, which doesn't bother me, is it tends to read about three pounds high, which I just started mentally compensating for.  For stuff I am concerned with getting very accurate, or low pressure readings, (motorcycle, ATV, drag slicks, high performance radials) I still use a quality gauge to check the pressures anyway.
Best Tire Inflator Gauge you can own!! Everyone should have one in the automovtive industry!!!!!! Great buy and happy to own one
We have a Class A RV and to fill the rear tires takes a chuck that has a somewhat reverse head like this one from Milton. We had an inexpensive inflator I picked up at a local auto parts store and after just a few months of use the hose blew out. I certainly wouldn't want that to happen at a critical point out on the road so it was time to spend a few bucks for a decent quality inflator. I have a few Milton tire gauges I have purchased on Amazon that have been rock solid so this seemed to be right tool for long haul.The S516 is sturdy and well made. It makes a solid, leak free connection to the tire stem and fills all my RV tires as it should. The gauge is off by about 5 PSI too high but I use a standard gauge on everything I do so that is not a big deal. I think it's best to just use the built in gauge as a guide and then check with an accurate tool. Very happy with this purchase so far.
The item arrived quickly and was well packed.It is, after all, a tire air pressure gauge.  I noticed the same pressure disparity as a previous reviewer.  The gauge consistently reads 4-5 lbs. higher when attached than when a reading is taken just after.  No big deal as long as it's consistent.  Just add 4-5 lbs. of pressure greater than what it reads. With that being said, it works as it should. Seems to be very rugged.
This is awesome... The guage is actually pretty accurate, it is well built, it's just like most gas stations used to have.
Connecting the device to tire valve stem is difficult to do! Very difficult to work with. I only use it as a last resort!
get the blue-point gauge off the snap on truck. it may be twice the price but it will save you so much time working with a quality product.This Tire inflator is of very poor quality. buyer beware
Works great. The chuck holds onto the valve stem so you don't have to &#34;push&#34; to keep a seal. Only problem is the pressure indicator doesn't match what the dealer indicated for tire pressure. It was about 4 psi too high.
I recently purchased the Milton S516 tire inflator to check and inflate my RV's dually's.  The quality of the construction seems excellent and will probably be very durable when used by the average RV owner.  For my vehicle, the straight dual head and swivel features are very helpful in getting the chuck on the tire stems through the wheel covers.  Unlike many other reviewers, my inflator gauge seems to be accurate.  I measured it's reported pressure against a digital gauge that I also have and found that they matched very closely (the digital gauge measures in fractions of pounds whereas this gauge measures in two pound increments).  I think that for the money, the quality of this inflator can't be beat.  As always, shopping with Amazon is a great experience - good product descriptions, informative and thoughtful reviews, prompt delivery, and of course excellent prices.  So far, I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
I just did not like s516 , It just wasn't for me ,it seem sturdy enough but I am looking for something more accurate  and quicker , like maby a digital which I may be ordering before long , not sure which one yet Thanks
Seems very well constructed.  Gauge is not very accurate.  The gauge reads 4 PSI different if you measure before you remove it (while you are filling the tire) from the air stem vs when you put it back on.  Seems to be consitantly 4 PSI so it is not a big problem.
Just what I was looking for. Perfect. I wish that I had bought it prior to some of the other inferior inflators that I own.
My husband uses this roller seat to help him wax his motorcycle while it is up on a jack.  Helps him to not have to bend over when waxing the under part of the cycle. He will use it I am sure for other projects as it is very comfortable to useI
This set came in handy when I was doing work around the house and was in need.  Comes with a great variety of claps to fit all your needs.  Only thing that would make it better is if a came witha a key to turn the bolts on the clamps.
I've been looking for a parts washer, but without the huge price tag.  I was very pleased with this one.  The shipping was fast, the quality was fine.  Would recommend.
We bought this for the shop it was the perfect for cleaning parts , I think it would have better if it was a little taller but it still far more than helps to do the job.very glad we found this and use it everyday.
Lots of storage. Not so easy to mount. All trailer tongues are not the same. Have to watch not to drill holes through your wire for your light while finding the proper place to mount. Overall, very pleased.
I purchased this box because I thought the plastic design would hold up in the weather, but what a complete disappointment. The tool box description claims it is lockable, which it is but the cheap plastic design would allow breaking into it very easy. I tried to return it but the scam artist at PLUM STRUCK would not honor my return request because it was not defective or damage (it is just a piece of crap)  and they did not care that I could not use this product as it is listed.(it would not secure the tools I wanted to keep in it)  PLUM STRUCK said they would take the return if I paid for return shipping  $53.00 (which is over half of original cost), so basically if they get it to your house you are plum stuck with it because it is not worth the shipping cost to return. (Scam Artist) Do Not buy is product unless you just need a cheap plastic box to put you tools in, and I would avoid any product offered by PLUMSTUCK in the future. BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!
We got it, was easily attached.  The lock area seems a little weak, but other than that, no problems what so ever!
I'm very happy with this purchase. Some of the metal ones I looked at just seemed too flimsy and easy to dent. This plastic box is pretty sturdy. It's plenty strong enough for me to stand on top of it(175 lbs). Not sure what else to say. It's a plastic box that does its job of storing and keeping your stuff dry.
The first two of these pumps just viberate and didn't actually spin. The third seems to be working well so far. Maybe a little more R&D.
a perfect companion to your home emergency generator--this tach both allows you to calibrate the throttle to most closely run the engine at 60 Mhz (important if you want to run sensative electrics like computers with the generator) AND keep track of the actual hours of operation, so that timely oil changes can be performed.  Internal batteries are not replaceable, but will run for at least 5 years...  I highly recommend it.
Purchased for new truck and tool cap. Easy installation, 20 min each. Good looking and functional. Only problem, it began to rust after one day, on front at corner.
I ordered the load handler 2000M for my 2007 F150 Flareside that I use for a work truck on a regular basis.  I'm constantly loading cutoffs into my truck and needed a way to quickly unload.  This is a great product for that!  I recently got about 2 ton of rock and brick in the back and my truck was feeling the weight.  I had the load handler down before I loaded and tried to stay away from the side of the truck.  It worked exceptionally well for the weight.  The trick with this product is to keep the load from getting caught on the sides of the truck.  As far as taking it on and off the truck, it takes a little over a minute and a half to put on and 20 seconds to take off.  One concern I had before ordering was that I couldn't find what the tarp material was made of...It is like a very thick gunny sack for any farmers out there and that holds up well.  Overall very happy with product for the price.
it is good for the price. it is not a dump truck. I like it but when it brakes i dont think i will replace.
I don't have the Slip-Liner made by the same company, so that might be the issue, but basically it worked great with mulch, lots and lots of mulch, but with gravel it didn't work as good but I can see where the mat they sell would help a lot.
I used a tarp under the roller mat and put a half ton of compost right where I wanted it. The thing works just as described.
Amazing product and would recommend to any landscaper or homeowner.  Works flawlessly.  I was able to unload 5000 lbs of 21A gravel out of the back of my truck in less than 1 minute.
I must admit at first I was skeptical about this product but decided to give it a try. And I am very impressed. I have used it twice to unload 3000 lbs of gravel and getting it started takes some muscle but it is a heavy load of gravel. But once it gets moving it is great. And I have used it to unload five loads of fire wood. The trick I learned with fire wood is to pull the tarp out far enough to have it reach up to the roof of the truck. I then lay a couple pieces of wood on it to hold it there. Then when your load starts to move and the pile wants to fall over it has extra tarp to fall on. The other thing you need to do is free up the pieces of wood that might hit the wheel wells. After that is done my wife was cranking the load of wood back to the tailgate. Just curious how long the tarp will hold up but so far its holding up great. No rips or snags yet. Highly recommend this product and I'm not getting paid to say this.
Over a year and a half ago, my husband and I discussed buying this product. He was convinced it would not be worththe money. Well, he has been proven wrong. We are avid gardeners and often bring in yards and yards of compost.After a serious shoulder injury I was not able to unload our pickup. We have used it for gravel--it works well butwe recommend getting a smaller load than it is rated for. It is getting good reviews from both my husband and ourcontractor, who has started showing it off to the other contractors on the property.  My husband reports that installationwas relatively easy.
I've had a Load Handler for over 21 years.  As long as nothing gets caught behind the wheel well It will move as much material as you can load in a full size pickup even jack hammered concrete stacked to the top of the bed rails.  I built sides that hit over the wheel wells to keep debris from getting caught and allow me to stack higher.  I've had the standard models which lasted for years under constant abuse.  This time I bought the Commercial Grade and for all the weight I haul it is worth it.  It cranks much easier and dumps fast without a lot of back strain.  Love going to the dump and pulling up next to the gardeners or professional re-modelers and unloading and leaving while they are still tossing stuff off there trucks.
i purchaced one of these oh...15-20yrs ago. it finally broke to the point of no more fixing it. having said "fixing it" mostly due to myself over loading it and trying to move more than it could.so... looking at the notes in the picture here i noticed the person who noted that it does not clean the whole bed... really? no kidding. all this is suppose to do it help, assist to unload 90 maybe even 95%. if most people really think it will unload 100% you crazy! having said that too. after my first one finally died after years and years of abuse... i finally bought another. it have to be one of the best assisted helpers!!!!
I was skeptical, but thought I would try the "Unloader".  The unloader worked almost as promised.  First trip to the Quarry was a 3000 pound load of stone, I did have to shovel off some (500 pounds) to get the "Unloader" to work.  But on my second trip to the quarry- only picked up 2200 pounds, and the "Unloader" worked just as promised.  In defense of the product- the plastic bed liner (reccomended by manufacturer) in my pickup is worn and has some rough spots.  Probably with a bed liner in better condition, the "Unloader" would have worked fine.  Easy to install and remove from truck.  Saved alot of time for unloading stone.
Works great for some smaller loads.With the larger loads I emptied half the load and was able to use th unloader to empty the rest.
For years I looked at this in the magazines and laughed "That'll never work, at least not for long". Well, after 7 years and maybe 300 loads of dirt, rock, sand and mulch, I'm ready to retire my original Unloader. The straps are getting brittle and the clips are getting rusty from 7 years of outside storage, and the edges are pretty frayed from use, but my poor old aching back thanks me every time I strap that thing onto my truck. I don't know how many shovelfuls it takes to get a yard of stone out of a truck, enough that I'd only do 2 loads a day. With the Unloader, I can do 6 or 7 a day. Mama absolutely loves it!Its been through my Ram, my GMC, and its now on my Ford. 2 tips, 1- take the time to sweep the truck bed after each use and 2- spread a tarp from the front of the bed then unroll the Unloader, less time sweeping.
Owned one Before And It Finally Wore Out. Very Handy When Hauling Dirt Or Gravel. Easy To Use. Love It
works great but the sheet is shredding...needs a reinforced side hems to keep tarp from fraying. otherwise, a decent product
The jury is still out on this unloader.  The first load was a pretty lackluster performance.  I put a good size load of chips in the truck but when I began to unload the chips only a small portion came out leaving the majority in the truck.  I guess the key is for a load like this you will have to be up in the truck and make sure the load doesn't cake up or anchor itself behind the wheel wells.  In any case it didn't work very well for what I needed.  It still left us scooping the majority of chips out by hand.  Given what I know now I probably wouldn't buy it.  Still the alternative is spending $1500 to 3000 for a dump box.
Installed it on my F150 and use it all the time. Rock, dirt, mulch, it doesn&#8217;t matter. It handles them all.
I bought the LH3000 primarily because I was digging a 5x5x6' hole for a radio tower I'm putting up.  This device handled all the fill dirt beautifully.  Because of a gooseneck hitch in the middle of my bed, I fashioned a plywood piece to keep the device from having to go up and over the hitch.  The second time I was cranking off a load, the thing was a bear to turn, and then suddenly a POP and it became easy to turn.  Shortly afterwards, I noticed that it had caught one of its straps in the roll and broke the strap one inch past the buckle.  The best practice would probably be to tie your spare strap length from your tailgate strap to your bumper strap on the same side to prevent the tailgate strap from getting caught in the roll.  Lucky me, the company that made it offers spare parts for the device at ridiculously low prices.
Love the Loadhandler. Sure would have been great to hear about it much sooner. It really saves time and effort--- and my back!
This works, but the "easily unloads your 3000 lbs load in 30 seconds" isn't totally true when you add in needing to set up the ideal conditions needed as well the load capacity being less than you may expect. I got the 2000 lbs version when my brother ask if I'd help him get a bunch of fill dirt for his yard. It did help with emptying the truck bed more quickly, but it isn't making things as easy as if you'd added a hydraulic dump (as they may try to make you think it is).  The only real difference in this one and the 2000 is the mounting brackets, this one has steel plates with ball bearings, the 2000 was plastic.  The 2000 brackets was only 1 high max where the tarp rides and had a smooth taper up to the pipe area, this one has steel plates sticking 3 inches strait up right at the tailgate edge (which will be a "snag" for my added tarp, see below).This is pretty much a 4 foot wide woven "tarp" that gets wound up on a pipe on the end of the tail gate to "conveyor belt" things to your tail gate. The crank handle is just a flat bar that slides in a slot cut in the pipe (which easily falls out of the slot when you're not holding it) and has a bolt with a plastic sleeve as the actual "handle". I have a plastic bed liner where this tarp rides fine on it, but if you have a spray-in liner I'm not sure if it would work well since they are like "sandpaper" and the woven tarp would likely snag on it (see their "double mat" for use with it if you have such).When I used it, I'm almost sure now that I overloaded it, so my tail gate now has indentations where the brackets for the pipe were (despite the rubber in them to cushion it). Also the plastic mount brackets (2000 lbs model) have pulled off of the tail gate when first starting to pull the load off of the truck (because it was easier for the pipe to move toward the load instead of the load move to the pipe), so I've had to have someone help hold them down as I start winding it. Note; this one has a strap to go to the bumper on each bracket, so that should help hold them in place (the 2000 had a strap for 1 side).  Perhaps the overloading seems like my wrong-doing, but they do say "helps you with hauling, rock, dirt, & much more" even showing that in the ad pictures. A full size truck like mine can easily end up with ~4000 lbs load and how do you know just by eyeballing it what the weight is? Running some math now, to keep a load of dirt under 2000 lbs even with pretty dry soil (that is said to be about 75lbs per cubic yard with wet soil being over 100lbs), in a 8 X 4 foot bed you need to get only a 10 inch high load and that is about 1/2 the height of most beds. I can understand it being hard to engineer something for a full bed load, but if it's to be used for such things as they say & show who wants to only get 1/2 what they could in each trip? The pictures do show the peak of the load just at the bed height with very little on the sides, but is that what you're likely to get when at the nursery?I found it helpful to use a typical tarp on top of this units "tarp" to try to have an easier way to gather the dirt from the corners, funnel the dirt into a wheel barrow while unloading, cover the load while on the road, and keep the dirt out of this units woven fabric. When it's time to unload, I first need to dig out the area in front of and behind the wheel wells (throwing that dirt onto the tail gate partly to help weigh it down). If I don't do that, any dirt that's between the cab and those wheel wells makes it seem like the load is hitting a wall where it's impossible to wind this up. Again, the pictures show the perfect pile centered in the truck (with almost nothing going into those sides), but after you've driven very far (going over some bumps etc) it will probably have shifted to the sides making you have to dig them out.  If I don't dig out behind the wheel wells, then the dirt near the edges can snag my tarp on the brackets as well as the trucks tailgate cables.Also when preparing to get a load, I extend this units tarp so it not only comes off the pipe down across the full bed, but also have it go back up the bed wall along the cab. That makes it so as the load is being pulled toward the back and some dirt falls toward the cab, the extra couple feet of tarp will catch that dirt and bring it along with the rest.  Someone else also suggested putting some "folds" in the tarps to make it so you pull part of the load first, then more as the "folds" pull out.  That may work to some extent, but I doubt you have enough tarp for very many or very big folds.
Wheel is cheap plastic and if you hit a sidewalk it gets bent. Then FLAT CITY. And just try to add air. Forget it. The tire store will not even fool with it!I am on my 5th wheel. Now trying to find solid tire and metal rim
It works as intended. As an universal fit item vs. OEM their are sacrifices. This by no means &#34;fits&#34; your car...it is large enough to cover and protect. The only tie this may be an issue is on windy days, as this parachutes and tends to uncover. I have worked around this by fastening the straps together on windy days....I definitely would not utilize this cover on tropical r high wind alert days.
I bought this cover via Amazon in July 2013 and the cover ripped in an area covering the front hood. The elastic along the edges is gone too.  That means I got less than 6mos use.  Doesn't seem to be able to handle direct sunlight very well. Also, it is not waterproof.
Accurately described in the advertisment.  Selection of the correct fit was easy to follow.  Fits the car, does the job intended. Speedy delivery too.
I bought this to cover a Buick Roadmaster that does not get driven often and to keep sap and birds off of the car.  It is a very tight fit even though the dimensions should work.  It blows off easily in any wind and we have a good bit of wind.  We have a difficult time keeping it secure.
I purchased this cover in April and it has disintegrated in less than three months. Hard to believe it has a two year guarantee. I live in California and it just doesn't hold up to the sun damage. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Fit my Mazda 3 really well but after about 2 months use in the southern CA sun it fell apart on its own.
This is a perfect car cover for the cost.  Easy to install, with elastic bottom. My car is now quietly nestled on the carport - protected from dust, birds, and the neighborhood cat.No, it's not waterproof - be prepared to a lot more that product. :)
Cover will do what I bought it for. The cover will be used  on a car the is keep indoors
After I bought this product, I tried three times to review about this item. But idk why, amazon didnt let me review. This is fourth time that I try to review. Horrible,terrible item. Completely trash... If the weather is rainy,its gonna make your car dirty and looks horrible,cuz its completely take the water inside...
Be warned! The B-5 cover I purchased last year for my '77 Toronado was perfect, if a little baggy. So imagine my surprise when I ordered two more recently only to discover some inconsistencies...primarily they no longer fit large cars! I ended up moving my original cover to my '59 Cadillac where it fits comfortably over the large fins, and putting one of the new B-5's on the Toro, where it just barely covers bumper to bumper.  A friend also ordered a new B-5 recently and had to tear holes to get it over the fins of his '60 Cad.The two latest, ill-fitting, B-5 covers have Budge tags, but only one says Budge on the front, the other says Style: B-5 on the front. Oddly, the generic looking one has a stitched swatch on the front like the original, and the one marked Budge is just stamped onto the fabric. The material appears identical but is a slightly different gray from the proper ones. One of the bags came with a drawstring while the other had it cost reduced out and used a fabric strap, yet both came in Budge boxes with identical part numbers. If they weren't both clearly marked as 5's, I would have wagered they were size 4's.
Great Car Cover.  Good quality for the price.  Easy to install.  Worked great during severe winter weather on my Camry.
I answered the questions about my make and model of car to find the car cover that would fit. Although it fits length wise, it is short, exposing about 12 inches of the lower part of our car all the way around.
We needed something to cover our car when we stored it in our dusty barn and also to keep the cats from tracking dirt all over the car.  This cover is light weight and easy to put on the car.
This is a pretty good cover for the price. I wish it had a few more grommets to attach my bungy cords to, but it is working well for what I bought it for.
I put this cover on my car in February, and by June (~4 mo later) it was disintegrating, it is now a pile of rags.  My car sets between trees and only gets direct sun for about 4 or 5 hours a day.  The previous cover I had on it lasted more than 2 years.  These thinks simply cannot take the sun.  It might be OK if you keep your car in a garage.  Also, the fit was too tight on my '72 Monte Carlo, even though it was the recommended size.
IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A CHEAP COVER - THIS IS IT.  I JUST DIDN'T REALIZE HOW CHEAP. VERY HARD TO GET ON THE CAR - NOT CLOSE TO FITTING CORRECTLY - HAD TO RETURN IT.
This was a replacement for the other one that I bought.....For some reason it has deteriorated just lake the last one (split) thinking about contacting the seller direct to see if there is a better one that will last....Have not had any wind to damage it the previous one failed on the side...this one failed on the back.....Hate to ask for another credit to go toward another better car cover but this one just like the other one is very low as far as protection and workmanship...Let me take that back...If you guys want to credit my account I will put that money towards a better one by paying the difference...Please do not send another replacement as it seems that it does not work for me
This is a modest car cover. The material is single layer fabric. I appreciate that there are two big grommets on the bottom of the car cover. On a windy day, you can use these to attach a length of twine under your car. A length of cheap twine is included.I cannot find anything that would scratch my car, except *maybe* those grommets. The car cover fit my little Hyundai Elantra OK, but it looks rather baggy in places. On the other hand, it fits well enough so that I stopped using twine to secure the cover against wind.The included carrying case is useless. It is at least three times too small.I use this car cover to defend against large quantities of guano and moderate quantities of tree sap and pine needles. Adequate, barely. A giant owl dropping would probably soak through.Three suggestions:If you cannot find a size that matches your brand new car, then search for the same make and model of car, but one year old. I had to do this to find a match for my ride.Find a colorful ribbon and attach it to the grommet that will hang near the driver's side door of your car. When deploying the car cover, you can look for this ribbon. You will then avoid trying to fit the cover backwards or sideways.If you are going to secure the car cover against wind with the grommets and twine, then go find yourself a little key fob or something similar. It need not be big or heavy, but it should be made out of something that will not scratch your car. Keep this object tied to one end of your twine. You can toss this object under your car when using the car cover. It makes the job easy.
Product fit to the tee, enjoy item easy to install, one small problem this cover even thow it has elastic it would not hold against  high wins,  it must be strapped down.
not thick enough to stop the pollen from coming through. if u got a better product please let me know.
Lasted 2 months before the sun ate it up.This product is - at best - suitable for indoor storage only.I am aware of the 2 year warrenty, but it seems to be not worth time + energy as this product is just inferior.
Fit my TT to a T and looks great. The price was so cheep I had low expectations.  A great deal for Don
Fit the car but didn't last long due tio the heat in South West Texas. After 6 months started literally falling apart. Bought a stronger more expensive canvas cover for my 1969 Chevelle and it is still good to go.................
I use this cover for my CLK 430.  I asked the dealership how much it would cost for a cover for this car and they said close to $150.  Found this online and covers the great really well and for a fraction of the cost!  A great find.
Lasted three months.  Sometimes the wind blows off the cover, which isn't a problem. This morning there was a huge hole in the middle of the cover, like a giant kid took a bite out of the center of a tortilla.  I touched the fabric slightly, and it started to rip.  I guess it is good if you keep the car in the garage, not so good if you keep the car outside - which is the point of having a car cover. Lame.
I ordered this car cover and it showed up at my house two days later and fit the car . The cover is good for the price happy with the product I would recommend this car cover to anyone looking to get a cover for not much money a little on the thin side but covers the car
Material is very flimsy. Cover blows off in the wind. Developed tears after a short time. Then started to fall apart altogether.
my son in law needed a new one so I bought one for him for his birthday it works just fine
I bought this because the cats kept sleeping on my convertibles cloth roof and leaving hair. And tracking paw prints all over the hood. This is a purrfect fit for the car (Z4) and the cats. We are now both happy. I have no clue how this would fair outside under the elements, but as a cover to protect the car in the garage it is working for me.

The cover worked fine for barely three months.  Then a huge area that covers the hood started to fall apart.  The material looked threadbare. Big rips appeared, leading to even bigger rips. I sent photos showing the pathetic rips and threadbare material to the seller.  He was willing to send me a replacement, but would charge me a hefty shipping fee.  Surely I wouldn't waste even more money on a piece of junk.  Very bad experience, no saving grace whatsoever.
I purchased this for my 1968 Ford Mustang fastback. It lasted until the first rain/wind storm came. About 4 months. The entire back of the car cover shredded. Don't purchase this car cover. It has a two year warrenty and I'm going to try to get a refund. We'll see.I will say this is the first product I have purchased through Amazon that I have had this kind of bad result.
This cover didn't match the description.  I was looking for a cover to fit a 2005 Jetta.  This one fit the qualifications but when it came it was too small for the car.  The material repels water well and is semi-durable,  I wish it fit, I am returning it.
The cover went on fairly easily and II was able to use the included grommet patches for my fixed base antenna. The only drawback so far is that it's quite snug and could possibly be a little longer. All in all it was a good investment.
The shipping was so fast! I received it just days after I placed my order and it was in perfect condition! The description is perfect, it truly protects your car from everything. It is very secure around te bottom so I meet have to worry about wind blowing it off, I will buy from this seller again!
Great car cover for the price.  We were looking for a cover to put on the car while it is in the garage, because the cats jump up on the car and scratch it.  This goes on easily, is lightweight, and easy to store.
This product is exactly as presented.  It is a light duty dust cover.  It is large enough to cover the largest cars from the 50's and 60's with room to spare.  It folds up in small package for easy storage when not in use. I use it in a grarage where the door is open a great deal of the time and it gives sun and dust protection.
For the price I expected a very cheap and badly made cover. Was just a temp solution to a temp problem. But was well beyond what I expected. Packaging, delivery time also well done.
I noticed  scratches on my car within  two days! I felt cheated and angry. I wanted to avoid washing pollen and bird droppings from my car but I guess I'm back to washing.
This product is not as described, but may very well work for your use.  I just want to cover some of my cars in the garage and I have an old Budge (B3) cover I really like that is a soft T-shirt like material.  The old cover is great as an indoor dust cover and washable, and I wish I could find more, but apparently that is not possible now unless you want to spend more than $200.This cover arrived today from Amazon and it does NOT have the soft interior as described, although it might be fine and not scratch the car. I was ready to order 3 or more of these if it had been soft inside, but I guess now I will resort to sheets or blankets or just wash the cars when they get dusty. In my opinion it is too bad that no company today makes a soft inexpensive indoor car cover. Well also too bad that Amazon's description is not correct.  I will keep it and use it on one of my cars, but it will not go on any of the garaged cars I really-really like.
The cover fit my car and is easy to use. Light weight and if you care to lock it gives you a place to order a lock. The cover has labels for front and back which was helpful.
the cover lasted 2 months and then began shredding apart. unbelievable. a waste of money, paper like material.call the police for me.
Don't know what fabric this is made of, but it ripped a month or so after I got it.  My Lexus has has the GPS antenna on the roof like most new cars.  The cover caught on it when removing and it ripped.  Now it sits in a bundle on the garage floor.
This covered my 96 nissian Altima  which is a small car with no problems whatsoever. It did get ripped when I handle it a bit rough. Will purchase again
this is the second Budge cover i've had, both are just what i neededMercedes CLK convertible.  i park in an underground parking.  my car gets very dusty very quickly, so i cover it when not in use.  i have another commuter car i use regularly.  i would not want to put this on  and off everyday.  it's not that easy to do with one person.  plus it protects my top from a pesky stray cat that loves to perch on top of my car.the material is a little stiff for my taste.  i wish there was one that was more like bedsheet material.  but this works fine.
This is a nice cover and fits my Miata perfectly. Considering the price I'd say this is a definite winner.
It is a great cover for my elderly mother's Toyota Corolla. It is very light weight and easy to put on and take off. It is also very affordable for my budget.
This is a fine car cover for a garaged vehicle. Keeps the dust off, good fit, easy to remove and replace. Well-priced.
I was looking for some way to keep my new Jetta clean and this cover works perfectly. Great price as well. Very pleased.
Cover is as advertised with one exception. I got the 19 ft cover for a 17 ft car and it is very snug and wont go below the bumper. Granted car is a 67 American made boat sedan but I thought the extra 2 ft would be enough. If I had to reorder I would go with the largest one. This cover is a dust and sun cover only not a true all weather or permanent storage cover but for the money it is a value.
Cover came packaged excellently. Installed it within 5 minutes by myself and now the car is stored for the winter and this was cheaper than two king sheet!!!Car is stored indoors so this will see minimal weather so can not comment on that, I will be ordering another for my Miata now!
I am Very disappointed in this product.  Fell apart almost immediately, and easily rips apart!  This is not worth the money!
It didn't fit and was the wrong size than what I originat ordered. Be weary if you order this item.
I bought this to keep the drippings of trees off my 2010 Ford Focus and it is NOT long enough to fit from bumper to bumper.  Otherwise it would have been fine.
Perfect fit for my 86 fiero would buy again , now I put a tarp over this since we get a lot of snow up here in alaska .Will see how this hold up this winter .Will update my review this coming spring .Thanks
I love it. Thank you for the speedy delivery. It came in about two to three days.  It stays securely on the car even in high winds and heavy rain, which we had last week. It dries off well, and the car stays clean.  I am happy with it and for the service.
This isn't like the Budge car cover I bought about three years ago, which I really like. With elastic all around the edge, this new one is very difficult to put on the car. My old one has elastic only on the ends and is very easy to put on my car.
This thing fits my 99 chrysler 300M but when hooking bungie to bottom to keep it on top of car because it will blow off it ripped the wholes that the bungies were suppose to go through. Very thin. I think if you take great care of it and are lucky and there is no wind ever where you live then it may last 8 months to a year
Bought the car cover for my 1969 Camaro and it fits like a glove!  Elastic stretchie outter so it fits snug. Great car cover for the price and I would buy another.
This is the worst product I have ever bought!!! It did not last one year. The piece of trash started falling apart two months after I bought it. Do not buy this cover!!!
My car is about 17ft +....so i made sure to order a cover thats a lil bit longer and this fits well. I just hope it doesnt scratch the cars surface. Thin material but what do you expect for 25$ ????...all in all, good product for a good price.
Anything with the word Budge on it is means Cheap, (you get what you pay for).  Won't last any amount of time outside & deteriorates quickly from sun exposure, same as dry rot.  Lasts longer as an indoor cover but eventually  fa
It's a cheap cover .  I use this to put over my nicer cover as it helps prevent sun rot.  Cheaper to replace this every year.
Apparently i need to say it using 20 words, fits a Volkswagen Jetta 2012 nicely. Just lo let fellow Jetta owners know, I took a chance when I bought it but fortunately the 16 Feet and 8 Inches version fits my car all right.
Works great to keep the dirt away from my car it is so easy and light weight to put on my car I can do it by myself
My neighbor is a bee farmer (I guess that's what they're called) and every day I was finding bee droppings on my car.  If I let it go for a week, my car was covered in bee droppings and it's not easy to wash off.  Now I don't have to worry about having to wash my car twice a week.  I suppose I'll have to wash the car cover though.  Not worried about that though!  :D
Got this for a '72 Camaro. Fits it well and seems to provide good protection. Tight around the bottom to fit to the car.
Fit well for my mgb. Falls apart less than a year under Florida sun. Now need to buy another one, different brand.
The budge b-3 lite sedan car cover fits great, stays put with the elastic, great buy. I use it on my honda civic.
I originally purchased this for a gift.  In Florida we have the rainy season and thought this might help keep the water off the top of the convertible.  NOPE!  It is not waterproof by any means.  One shower and it was wet and so was the top of the car.
The cover disintegrated after only 3 weeks in use. Parts of it are in shreds and it's just falling off the car
This is a decent cover for the price. The car park under a tree and this cover protects the paint well. The elastic is very good. As others have stated, order the size carefully. The B-3 fits a compact car e.g.,  Honda Civic.
Although I did not buy through Amazon, my Budge B-2 car cover started to tear after only 4 years. The entire life of the cover was spent covering a car in the garage. It was only exposed to limited, mostly indirect sunlight when the garage door was opened for brief periods. It was never allowed to get wet. The cover was removed no more than 15 times over the four years it was used.The cover is flimsy, too thin, and not worthy of the 1 star rating I give it.My advice, pay a little more and get a thicker, better quality cover from another manufacturer.
I bought this cover for my car and it dose not cover it so it is being used on my girls car when needed be cause it fits her much smaller car. The cover it's self is as thin as they come and was expected It says in the product info not for every day use or for extreme conditions so the product other than being smaller than what it says is what I expected
The Vacuum pack was hard to deal with, thought I'd never get the wrinkles out to get it long enough to fit the car!
Bought this for our classic Mercedes 1985 SL380. I was pleasantly surprised just how easy this cover was to apply to our car. The fit was great. The front of the cover is marked, and the draw stings to tighten the cover are study and easy to use. The pricing was great. I used this to cover our car in a garage. I do not know if it is waterproof, but it really is dust proof! (had work done in the garage and it kept the car nice and clean). Highly recommend for garage storage.
Hey, you can't go wrong with this car cover.  I got it for my 2000 Must Convertible to keep the cats off it.  It will work great for light rain and dust.  If you want it for lots of outside protection, I don't know.  It is pretty light weight.  I use it for the garage while I'm waiting for Winter to go away.  Fits snug, you would think it was a custom cover.
30 days after purchase was in shreds dont waste your money buy a different product.  A piece of garbage made in china
After reading the reviews, I thought for sure this cover would have protected my car while I traveled.  Unfortunately, it deteriorated within a month and by the time I returned home from my overseas journey, the new paint on my car faded, plus there were outlines from tree leaves.  Had this cover worked properly, the paint on my car would have been nice.  I would not recommend this car cover to my worst enemy.
Very cheap and ripped and came off during first high wind. May be ok to protact something from dust in an inclosed area, but wouldn't recommend for outside protection. But you also get what you pay for. In this case, it is true.
I made sure that the length was longer than listed. The car I was putting it on is 16 ft. The make sure it fits calculator was incorrect, it said it would fit also. I now have to send back & buy a bigger one. I hope the next one fits.
Fit well on a 88 T-bird, stays on even on windy days. Looks OK for appearance, does not stand out.
This cover fits our Miata perfectly, and the weave of the material does a pretty good job of keeping dust off the car. But while the ad states that the cover is &#34;water repellant&#34;, we've quickly found that the ad should read &#34;water permeable&#34; as it completely fails to keep even light rain off the car. If you're looking for a cover to keep your car dry; keep looking--this isn't the cover for you.
The car cover arrived in 3 days, it fit the car perfectly and with all the bad weather we've been having it's done a great job protecting our car. Just what I paid for and expected.
I kid you not! I am a car guy, I bought this four months ago for my mercedes and it appeared to be of nice quality. Then I noticed it was getting thin in a few places. Today we had a little gust of wind and it completely fell apart. I guess it would be OK for a car in a garage, but this thing did not hold up at all. No help from Amazon, so I guess I will deal with Budge. Don't buy one unless you only need it for a few months. Steve
I guess the old adage you get what you pay for works here. It says it fits my collector car but it just never stayed on in wind and rain. Worthless, thin and just plain crummy.
I bought this for my brother to keep the dust from collecting on his car because it normally sits in the barn for long periods of time. Seems to bee good quality although it's thin material so if you're looking for something weather proof this is proabily not what you want. But did the job of keeping dust off the paint and keeping it clean and undamaged when it was in storage.
i bought it 15 months ago. i use it only when I fly for work and used it less then 100 days. perhaps the florida sun, perhaps poor grade paper like material not designed for extended use, but mine has holes all over. it is getting thin and becoming dust. lets see if the 2 year warranty will be worth anything
I chose this size by going through the steps and amazon told me it was the right size. When I put it on my 2003 Camry it appears to be a little bit too small. Some parts on the sides are still exposed. Doesn't completely cover my car. Still have 2 stars because the quality isn't bad.
A car cover isn't exactly high tech, but it fits the car nicely, is well made and much less expensive than [...] or other car sites I visited.  I arrived in a couple of days and is busy keeping dust off my sports car.
Received the product in adequate time and the product is very durable. It help protects my car from weather and easy to setup..
Hubby's 71 Challenger has been getting dusty even in the garage because the poorly fitting car cover we had for the car would blow off every time we opened the garage door.  Time to fix the problem.  Cleaned the car and put this car cover on and boy does it fit like a glove.  We have had the garage door open and never had a problem with this cover coming off.  This cover is great to keep the dust and bird poop off of the finish.
I am really quite upset about the cover! The website made it very clear to the customer that they wanted to be sure the cover would fit! They required the make, model, and year of my vehicle and Said it would be the right size, it definately wasn't ! It was so off in size thatit's 4 feet too short. I don't have time or the ability to send it back for a replacement as the car is in another state !  I definately would not recommend this company to anyone else!
Bought this to cover my classic while it sits in a garage until spring.  Fits well, and I'm sure it will be just fine.  Not so sure if this would survive more than a couple of months outside of a garage though.
First time I tried to adjust it I pulled it over and the whole thing tore about 6ft. when I barely moved it. First Time I tried to adjust it it is totally ruined! Total Crap. BS.
This cover became completely useless.Leaving our car outside with this on caused severe condensation to pool inside the car and messed up our CD player and electronics in the car as well.Hoping once everything dries out that it will be OK.Don't know if the cover would be OK for indoor use, but that kind of defeats the purpose of why we bought it.In other news: it fit the car fine and the bungy thing, although cheap, kept the cover on with no issues.
Website claimed that this cover would fit a 2005-2008 Chrysler 300.  It didn't and plus I found the same cover at Wal-mart for $8 less.
They included Towncar Ultimate L series in compatible list. But it is about 2 ft short for the car. Do not fits completely on the car.  Not recommended if your car is Towncar Ultimate L.  Otherwise the material and finish is good.
Had this tri-fuel for 7-8 years; it's not once failed to start for its biweekly 15 minute run.  Never needed to use it for an emergency--but like guns and parachuts--better to have and not need than to need and not have.  Plan soon to hook it up to a serious propane supply for when TSHTF. All preppers should have a trifuel generator.
The generator is great, neat and arrived in good shape with adequate instructions.  Be sure to order the wheel set as it will make it easier to move and service.  It's too heavy to schlep around by ones self.When using propane be aware that this unit will not run off a 20 or 40 pound tank like a BBQ,  Minimum tank size is 100 pound tank.  If the latter is used, a pressure regulator (expensive) must be in the line.  If hooked up to your own home supply of propane an additional regulator has to be installed.  I recommend you specify a quick-connect whip for purposes of mobility and storage.  Also, if hooked to your home supply of propane you must/should call your supplier each time you run it for any length of time so they can adjust your delivery schedule due to the increased usage.  Better yet before ordering check with your supplier about codes (not all plumbers are insured for this type of hook up work) and equipment.  Some are lenient others are not so much.  Check if your house insurance is voided if an unauthorized tech hooks you up.
A Spool of 100 feet of trailer wire may seem like more than you would ever use, however it's really not.The wire is tough, and I have rewired 3 of my trailers with this and have sine ordered 3 more spools.
This is the best investment i ever had, i love it , and i know i cant drive another car or truck with out it!San diego Ca el cajon
This works really well if you have  any arm weaknesses. I do suggest you buy it if you really need it
FOR THOSE OF US WHO NEED A LITTLE HELP WITH THE WHEEL, THIS IS THE ANSWER.  IT'S ATTRACTIVE AND VERY FUNCTIONAL.
this worked for when i had injured my shoulder and could notsteer the car.  I did remove it later when i got better as it isnot legal in California
This device works very well, enabling me to steer safely with one hand while at the same time manually shifting with the other.  I only wish the grip were made of something heavier than light plastic, but they may have had their reasons for using that material.  Bottom line is IT WORKS REALLY WELL!
Not bad. Only complaint is I a new to this and had many questions that were not answered in the manual.
Item was exactly as described. I am using it with diesel and I am using it with a Fill-rite 13 gpm 12v pump.  I have not pumped much through it yet.  I did notice a slow down in pump speed not much but some,...  It doesn't leak and I like that I can see if there is water in the bowl or foreign matter.
I have two of these and use them on both of my tanks to gas and diesel on a 13 gpm Fill-Rite pump. I live in an area where we to get H2O in our fuel. These filter system save me a lot of headaches on all of my equipment and Boilers. Using the water blocker filter is the way to go. If any water reaches the filter nothing will go through. Recommend stripping the bottom of your tanks once every three months. With this system you should have no more issues of Water getting to your injectors. I would also recommend putting anti-seize on the threads of the bowl to keep it seizing up in the head.
FIt right on with no leaks or problem.. FIller spins off on fast and makes for tight fit. Have no complaints ...
Great kit with all the different types of fittings. Very handy item to have. Fair priced and would definitely recommend .
great kit to keep in the shop or garage. Covers all the bases. Get one today or they may run out.
I have got stuff from this company before and for all my need there are the only one I use. Great service and prices.
Amazing, I thought this was going to be a flimsy little thing but I was mistaken.It weighted and heavy so I like that and its not hollow and its not silver coated so there is not paint chipping.Nice to carry around in my keys. Love it
Very cool looking and seemingly made out of good quality. Received exactly what they described and what I wanted. Great to be carrying it around.
Keeps my 22 year-old Mercedes 560sl's back window in tip-top shape. Southern California is tough on plastic windows, this keeps them pliable and protects them when the top is stowed. I see too many convertible tops with fogged-over windows, this prevents that effect to a certain extent.
I used both solutions and, with a little rubbing, got most of the damage to disappear! I can see clearly nowww
I have used this product for years on all sorts of clear plastics to seal after using the Meguiar's cleaner.
I order this to help with a scratch on a vintage paperweight... it didn't do anything that I can tell
In the past, on a previous car, I used the 3M headlight restoration kit with various grades of sand paper and then polish. This time before going the sand paper route - messier, more time consuming and easier to screw up the chrome plastic trim surrounding the headlight lenses - I thought I'd try just the Meguiar's combo. Worked fantastically on my 2002 Audi A6..  I used the small buffing pad I had from the previous 3M kit with a hand-held electric drill. Made several vertical then horizontal passes with the #17 Cleaner, wiped the lenses clean and followed with the #10 Polish. Took a total of about fifteen minutes a lens. The lenses look as good as those on any new car around.One tip would be to drape some old sheets around the surrounding areas of your car. The spinning pad does throw the cleaner and polish around and while it does wash/wipe off the hard finished surfaces, it was a little bit of a hassle cleaning it off the exposed engine parts. (I had raised the hood to have better access to the lenses.)
This stuff takes a lot of 'elbow grease' but it does work to clear the haze from my convertible top back window.
Keep making it, it is the greatest I have ever used, bare none.
I bought this polish for the back window (plastic) of my BMW Z-3 which had gotten foggy and hard to see through. I had gone online and several Z-3 owners recommended it, so I found it for less on Amazon. It not only polished the window, but took the disc oration off the headlight covers and my husband's car's bumpers. Anything plastic.
I bought this to restore headlights on vehicle. This does clean out the cloudiness and gives it a shine, but will not remove everything completely. Safer than sanding the headlights. I did notice it gives a polish once used.
Per Dave McCallum's advice on [...], I bought this (step 2), as well as Meguiar's Gold Wax w/ Carnauba (step 3), and Turtle Wax Rubbing Compound (step 1). So far tonight, I have done steps 1 & 2, and already the surface is shiny, darker black, and squeaks when I rub my fingers on it! Fantastic stuff for shellac over baked on enamel paint!
By process of elimination, I finally found a product that really works.  With little effort, I've been able to restore plastic headlight covers on my car, as well as cars of friends. It's fun to be told how wonderful I am!  Ha Ha!!  Aloha .. Nancy On Maui
Does a great job on the Isinglass on my boat that was foggy from age, dirt and scratches.  Buff slowly and cut  with water occasionally and you will get clear results.  Use the cleaner first for best results.
I was amazed - it works.I don' know what else to say except that it cleaned a globe of the world which came encased in a multi-sided clear plastic. Ia kind of fancy paperweight).It got oxidized over the years.  It is nice to see the world again through the plastic casing.
I was riding along in my new boat, with my new fish finder, at dusk, when I was suddenly surrounded by a cloud of little white insects.  They were insanely attracted to my backlit fish finder, and crowded around the screen so much that I literally could not see the screen itself at all.  In a flash of genius, I sprayed the fish finder with bug repellent.Well, that didn't work at all, and now I had 2 problems.  It turns out DEET etches plastic fairly well.  The next day, the screen was, for all intents and purposes, completely unreadable in daylight, and only moderately readable at night.I hopped onto some of the fishing forums, not quite admitting that I had purposely sprayed DEET all over my fishfinder, just kinda implying that the wind took some of it while I was spraying myself (I already knew how much of an idiot I was, I didn't want to brag about it).  Several of them recommended Meguiar's #17 Clear Plastic Cleaner along with Meguiar's #10 Clear Plastic Polish.  They told me I wouldn't be disappointed.Of course, as Abraham Lincoln once said, one must take information found on the Internet with a grain of salt.  I meandered over to Amazon, and priced out the #17 and #10, and found out that with shipping, it came out to around $25.  For that price, compared to buying a $400 fishfinder/ chartplotter, I did not have a lot to lose.  Click, click, BUY.I got the package in the mail today, and immediately took the #17 to the fishfinder screen with a clean white washcloth and started rubbing it in.  For the first few minutes, I thought I had wasted $25, but after about 5 minutes of rubbing the cleaner in (with only a few drops applied every 90 seconds or so) it was obviously working well.  A firm, quick buffing action, alternating between little circles and up-down, left-right motion, and in about 7 minutes that screen looked like it had just come out of the box.Per the recommendations in the instructions, I applied the #10 polish immediately afterwards, and it looked better than new.  I was incredibly impressed with myself, and Meguiar's products.  Now I can tell fishing partners about the idiot who sprayed DEET on my fishfinder without ever mentioning who that idiot was.Totally worth the money.
Yellow, grimy, grungy, hazed convertible top windows will shimmer with new life when you follow up the cleaning process with this polish. Combined with Meguiar's Plastic Cleaner you have professional results without the cost of a new window and the inevitable problems associated with replacement anything. The startling difference after you apply this will make you forget the tired muscles and aching neck and back you endured cramped in the back seat of your sports car whilst you drenched in sweat and contorted like a pretzel painstakingly cleaned the window and simultaneously cursed the manufacturer. Results are long lasting as well if you don't subject the window to lots of u-v rays so don't be lazy and use a car cover.
This Polish was used after cleaning my plastic boat windows with the #17 cleaner. I had some very light scratches that were made less noticeable, but not greatly so. My windows were newer so the polish results maybe we're not as dramatic as others reported.
This product is the thing to use to clear up a foggy old convertible back window!i can see clearly now........!
This product will restore clear plastic to like new...when the discoloring is a surface problem...not when it is due to the plastic itself discoloring internally i.e. cheap non UV stable plastics. Always seal with Meguiar's polish.
I've used this product for over twenty years.  Motorcycle windscreens, motorcycle helmet face shields, and pretty much any clear plastic things that you need to see through...this is the product that extends their lives.  Nowadays, of course, we have clear plastic headlight covers.  Our modern headlights are plastic, on the front of the car, and often pretty low to the ground, subjecting them to nonstop pelting with sand, grit, road grime, and trace solvents sprayed up from the road in the rain.  A perfect cocktail for grinding the smooth finish into matte.Bring in the Meguiar's #17 Plastic Cleaner.  13 year old Subaru headlights look like new.  I've never had any of the expensive commercial services or anything but this product.  Same for my wife's 2002 Audi TT.  No mechanical polisher devices are necessary, just a little elbow grease and Meguiar's #17.  You can follow up with #10 polish, if you're a perfectionist, but this alone will keep the light shining through your headlight covers.
The cleaner does clean however the only problem is that it seems to leave a slight film but a little added rubbing does take off the film.  Other than that is does a great job
I used this plastic cleaner to restore the plastic windows in the camper canvas of my boat. It worked great with the electric drill mounted polishing pads (TCPglobal Premium Detail System)that I also bought on amazon.com. I highly recommend this product.
it works very well even with the worse of haze on head lights.  every few months i do a quick reapply and it's looking like new or close to it.  it's a great product that doesn't damage head lights from continued use.
I used this on the headlights of a 2004 Mazda that was garage kept for all but one year in California.  The headlights had surface crazing from age.  The product did nothing.  I used the Meguire's Plastic polish afterward.  I consider both a waste of money.  I could have cleaned the surface with isopropyl alcohol and used any wax.  Real disappointing given the rave reviews for this product on this site.
This is a very goog product to restore the plastic canevas for boat.I used it each year to clean and remove the scratchs.
Bought to try out on a used ipod classic with medium to light scratches on the screen. Only noticed a little improvement on light scratches. Wouldn't buy again.
This has been the best plastic cleaner I have ever used. Keep making it.
This is actually the first step in cleaning any plastic surface on your car that is plastic. Then put the polish on. I highly recommend this product.
I needed to polish the plastic frames for my eyeglasses and thought I would need to buff and/or get an abrasive paste.  Meguiar's delivered and impressed.  Not only did I not need to buff, the cleaner created a like-new finish and extended the useful life of my eyeglasses.
We recently re-did our kitchen and the microwave had a 3" long (but not very deep) scratch on the door, and the refrigerator shelves had some black marks that just weren't coming off with soap.  This plastic cleaner fixed both in about 5 minutes; not even my wife can find the scratch location any more (and she wanted to return the microwave and get a new one).
I bought this to restore headlights on vehicle. This does clean out the cloudiness and gives it a shine, but will not remove everything completely. Safer than sanding the headlights.
I am a luthier who uses #17 and #10 as a buffing agent to buff out all my guitars. It works very well on water-based lacquer and french polish.
I got this product to clean up the dust cover on my turntable.  Did a great job of cleaning, and with some plastic polish that I also bought - my dust cover looks almost new!
Cleaned an old clear plastic paperweight that had oxidized.Can see through the plastic again.  Thought it was a goner, but itworked and we polished it up with their polish (separate item).
I have used another product of this sort- different manufacturer- and they seem to work about the same.  It takes a LOT of elbow grease- but keep at it & the film eventually disappears. So- easy fix for anyone at home.
I used this to clean up my the dust cover for my vintage turntable (Marantz 6300).  This removed all swirl marks and cloudiness from the cover, and now it looks great.  While this won't remove scratches (you'll need to wet sand those out) this sure made a huge difference.
For some reason, my rear window in my convertible aged way too quickly even though it never sat out in the sun. This product restored it very well but be prepared to sweat, grunt and groan. It takes some work but the result is worth the effort. And don't forget the polish that complements this cleaner!
One of the best plastic cleaners I've found.  Non-Abrasive but capable of removing/smoothing minor scratches, and very capable of restoring clarity to dulled lenses.  Works on a variety of surfaces, not just automotive lenses.  Highly recommend.
I first used this on the plastic rear window of the convertible top on my Miata.  It added many years to the life of the original top....and the replacement top, too.  That 1990 Miata is 22 years old now, has over 300,000 miles on it, and the clarity of the plastic window is not an issue, thanks to #17.Then I used it on a 10-year-old Chevy Suburban's cloudly headlight lenses.  Wow again.Plastic you thought could not be cleaned comes clean with #17!  Use #10 after you're done with the #17, if you need to.  This stuff is amazing.  I wish I discovered it sooner!
I used this with the #10 polish, not sure if it was needed, but it did seem to set up the polishing action.
I used this cleaner to clean vinyl windows in a sunroom.  Regular cleaning with soap and water didn't remove the white buildup.  Though it was a lot of work (it was a lot of windows!), they now look brand new.  It's like waxing a car, rub it on, work on any tough spots, then come back over with a clean cloth and wipe it off.  It was worth the effort.
I use this product to remove hard water spot from glass. It works well with a little grease and doesn't harm the glass.
Meguiar's as always makes a great product.  I use the full line of Meguiar's Marine for work on my boat, and this product is great for any problem areas on the boat.  Use after washing, before waxing.
works
worked on our 5th wheel as recommended.  As part of the care kit, the only problem we had was the fall weather was cold and it is a lot of work.
This stuff really works - Have used this brand for years and never been disappointed. Easy to apply and lasts a long time - good protection for your boat or RV
I received this item and I have used all of it on my RV. It is a very good product.
We have a navy blue gel coat hull that really shows the slightest neglect.  Darker colors tend to show chalking and discoloration very quickly.  If the hull is polished and waxed twice a year, we can totally skip the Heavy Duty Oxidation Remover.  The polish and gloss enhancer make the boat shine.
I ordered this as an extra bottle of polish to go with the restoration kit that I bought. This stuff is excellent when used with the oxidation removal kit but I wouldn't try using it by itself without using the oxidization remover if you have oxidization on your fiberglass. We used 2 coats of this after using the oxi remover and this shines and polishes to a glassy finish!
had a dull gelcoat surface on my 2001 chinook destiny camper.this product did the job with little effort. some dirty spots took a little rubbing but it cleaned just fine.shines like new again.buy the large 32 oz. it's cheaper than 2 16oz. sizes especially if you have a large vehicle.
I used this with a buffer and it removed some fairly nasty surface scratches. This won't produce the mirror glaze, but it will do a very good job of preparing the surface for additional products to build an excellent shine. I have used this on a heavily oxidized  trailer. I started with Meguiar's medium cut; then followed up with Meguiar's Diamond cut and finished off with Meguiar's Boat/RV Cleaner Wax. The final finish was mirror smooth!
Good product I have to recomend this product to any one. It work good on RV'S  and boats I will buy it again
Not so good. This item was way over-priced compared to others offering the exact same item. I would not recommend this item to friends and family! Thank you very much!
I had some hard to remove streaks and water marks on my camper that I was unable to remove. I cleaned my camper and then used this wax on it. With very little effort it removed the hard to remove black streaks and provided a protective barrier against dirt and other items. It has made future washes seem easier as the dirt wipes right off.
Using it on my RV it worked just as good as the three part products by Meguiar's and cost a lot less at Amazon.  It is easy and fast especially with an orbital applicator but works by hand also.  Made our 10 year old RV look new again.
Have used Meguiar products for years and have never been disappointed. They have quality products and you won't be disappointed.
It works great on our RV and boat,  we will all ways use it or the protection and ease to apply.
I have an RV with full body paint. Keeping it looking good is important to me. My friends say it still looks new  three years after I purchased it new and store it everyday in the California sun. Thanks Meguiar's
Meguiar's M5032 Boat/RV Cleaner is one of the easiest products I have ever used.  Application is the same as most other products but the real difference is rubbing it off. Very easy to remove leaving a beautiful finish. No need for the power buffer with this product.
Works great on aluminum siding of our RV.  A little high on price but does good job.  Would recommend this product.
Best wax and cleaner product I have found for the motorhome.  It applies and wipes off easily and does the job.
First of all, this same size and product at the marina store.. FUHGEDDABOUTIT!  I'd need a bank loan to purchase it, along with the deed to my car and house.Secondly... let's face it... getting a boat ready for the season is not a walk in the park.  But, I can say this product makes it less onerous.  A beer helped too.  ;)Seriously, it goes on easily, comes off easily... and does a great job.  We love this product.  (Well, really, as much as you can love a WAX?)
I've used this on my boat for a long time. This was much cheaper than the same product at West Marine - which is about two miles from my house....
This is a great wax if you have gel-coat finish on an RV. Takes out the black streaks with minimal effort and lives a great shine. Can't find it in the stores anymore.
I bought a 9 year old camper.  It had some dark spots on it and it had some scuff marks from where the old owner had a cover on the camper.Washing it took some of the spots off and lightened the scuffs, but didn't remove them.This wax did a great job of removing the marks, and it left the camper with a nice shiny finish.I was using a power buffer to put it on and take it off.  I had to use the hand applier for corners and tight spots.  And I used the hand applier for some of the darker spots... it took them off better.So - if you have a camper that you can't get clean buy some of this stuff and it will fix it up!
Since this is the first time I needed to use a product to wax my RV, I found this cleaner/wax very easy to use and even easier to remove leaving a beautiful finish. No need for the power buffer with this product. Needs to be done on a cool day like any other wax product. Used 3/4 of a bottle on my 2010, 31ft 5th wheel that had never been wax before. Took the oxidation off with little effort and left it shining like new. This product is a one-step product and is great for lightly oxidized fiberglass units..
I think this does a good job on a fiberglass boat that is thirteen years old. It seems to do better than regular car type wax.
For ten bucks per bottle less than the local chain store, I didn't expect the free shipping would have this stuff to my door so quickly...but thanks Amazon, a great product very fast. As for Megiuars 50, I have been using this stuff for years...it cleans up the boat, and holds a wet looking shine. Apply this stuff twice a year, and forget about messing with chalked gelcoat....it just keeps it clean and shines with very little effort. For best results, remove this wax with microfiber cloths...and get compliments on your shine.
I use this on my sailboat which is in the water all summer and stored outdoors in the winter.  In the spring, all I have to do is use some oxide remover where there are some stains or rub marks and then wax on and buff off.  I use the machine to apply and it buffs off easily 10 minutes after application with an old bath towel..
I dont know who wrights these reviews, but this stuff would not take off oxidation on a lightly oxidized RV.I tried real hard on one spot and looked real bad.
I love the shine. I have been using this wax on my boat for 4 years now. Great for fiberglass bass boats.
CLEANED OUR RAPTOR WITH IT...AND A BUFFER. BROUGHT OUT THE SHINE. I THEN USED THE RV WAX AND NOW I CAN WIPE THE BLACK STREAKS OFF WITH A FINGER!  LOVE  LOVE LOVE IT!
i have lived in south fl. for over 25yrs.  over this time i have had 5 boats from 26' to presently a 19' cc.  i have used mequiars #50 on all of my boats- tried other cleaner waxes and always come back to #50.  goes on and comes off easier,  cleans most residues and waterlines,  gives a good shine and last for at least 6-8- washings. i can put wax on 1/2 of the inside of my boat at a time then buff it off never had a problem with it not coming off.  also no problem if you get on crome or al. decals.  i wax my boat 2-3x+ a year depending on use.  i keep my boat, engine and electrical eq. in top condition-it has always paid off when it was time to sell.
Dries slow in cool weather but went on smooth and produced a deeper luster than I had gotten with other waxes
I checked with Maguiar's and this has EXACTLY the same ingredients as the Maguiar's automotive cleaner has.  As with many marine products, they advertise it as Marine and it's more than twice the price.
It appears better than regular automotive wax, but if you have oxidation, I would would recommend something with more abrasion.  This will take off very very fine oxidation only.  But its better than using regular wax if you are putting it on fiberglass.  I had to use some rubbing compound too.
This is great stuff recommended to me by someone who restores boats for a living.  When used regularly, it really keeps the chalk and fading away on your boat and makes a nice slick finish.  I have used it for years.  it may not produce the best glossy shine on the market (that's why its not 5 stars), but it does a good job bringing the color out on your older model boats and protecting them.  I will continue to use this product.  One note, do not try putting this stuff on in the sun!  it will make a mess of your finish!  Find you some good shade, or preferably a nice cool garage (I used my neighbors!).
We have owned sailboats for over thirty years and this is the one product that has kept our boats looking new.  We use this in the spring during our launch prep and fall haul-out and all summer long.  I like it because it is easy to use.....apply the wax and when it hazes it is powder-like when buffed.  So, easy!  I do not mind helping my husband wax our boat.  We will always use this product.
I mainly use this wax as a final coat for a fifth wheel in the desert of California. I use the Meguiar's #50 with a dual action polisher first and then use a coat of this for the ability to keep the gel coat protected longer. It's a great product.
I've been using this on my fiberglass Drift Boat for four years now and it keeps the Gel Coat looking great and stains clean right off.
This is some good wax. I will recommend this to anyone. Made my boat look real good. Can't wait to get on water
Great product.  Works!!
Easy to use. Easy to buff off. Water runs right off leaving no water spots. Time will tell how long it lasts.
This product really works well on our class C RV. It requires some elbow grease but the end result is well worth it.
Applied this product to both of our vehicles.  Works as described - water runs right off the windshield.  Would absolutely recommend.
Product works well as advertised. Application is simple, but it does require a medium amount of time and a lot of rubbing in. The effect will wear down eventually, but it's an easy reapplication.
Love Rain-X. For some reason, it is not very easy to locate in stores. I've used this for years. As soon as I bought my new car, this was one of my first purchases for it. Doesn't get any better!
I figured I'd give this a try and now I'm kicking myself for not buying it sooner. Water just sloshes off of my windshield now. Heck, even in heavy rain I can keep my windshield wipers running slow on the freeway because most of the water just blows off.If you drive your car in the rain, buy this!
I've used Rain-X products before with satisfactory results. I bought more because the rainy season's about to start and wanted to be prepared. It is now applied and we're ready to take on the winter. Bring it on!
Always liked rain-x to produce a beading effect during rain, especially from those backwash from other cars or big trucks. A must when living in the Pacific NW. Great service from Amazon, too.
If my cousin hadn't done my car windshield with this stuff I would have never believed it.  What an amazing product.  We drove thru a rainstorm and didn't need windshield wipers.  It's a very strange phenomenon to me.  It works!
I've been using this product for years.  I apply it each time I wash/wax my car.  I don't have to use my wiper blades as much since water is repelled.  And, when I do use the wipers, they work more smoothly and they will last longer.  This is a great product and I use it on all my vehicles.
I can't live without Rain-x. This was an awesome free gift with the purchase of my windshield wipers. Thanks you!
I used to live in Seattle and this was a must. If the vehicle is moving around 30 or more the wipers are not necessary, great vision! It is important to follow the directions. If you don't it won't work properly. One application is good for a couple of weeks of Seattle weather - daily rain.
I haven't used this yet, but it looks like it works and that's good enough for me. It is a good looking box
We use this when we'll be on the road (more than 250 miles). We go to Maine every year from Florida and I do most of the driving at night when a cleaner windshield is nice to have. I mix it with distilled water and their 2 in 1 glass cleaner. While on the interstate I rarely need the windshield wipers if I clean the windshield well before heading out.
!CAUTION! Over Priced 200%...Go to Wal*Mart and get the same for 2.48! They got me with this one. Will treat a sedan about three times.
Rain X does what it says: when properly applied, the rain just beads off the glass. Try it on all your windows.
Its quite easy to apply to the windshield and all the other windows if you want the full experience. I live in upstate new york, we get lots or rain and especially snow, this really helps visibility in the poor weather conditions that we experience, its really fun to put it on the sun roof glass and watch the rain just fly right off. Just great.
Literally could hardly tell it was raining while driving on the highway. Great product, and be sure to apply it after a car wash.
This product is amazing. If you haven't used it, then you are missing out. Especially if you live in areas where it rains or snows a lot.
Solution is fast and easy to apply.  Wipe on with a rag, let it dry to a haze, and wipe with another rag until clean.The hydrophobic properties not only cause the water to bead-up, but I noticed my wipers are quieter as friction is reduce on the blades.  I have to knock off one star for the following reasons...1.  The glass will have a slight haze even after wiping the excess off (not horrible thought)2.  Doesn't last as long as I would have hoped.  I reapply once a month to keep the water beading well.Overall, I recommend for those who have to drive in inclement weather frequently.
Another  great rain-x product.  This product is easy to apply and helps visibility when driving in the rain and snow.
i bought this glass cleaner to rub on the front of my gopro cases to keep the water off them, works great
Been using these since the 70s.They simply works. Read the instruction.But may require frequent application , depending on the weather and wipers usage.The coating does wear out with use and by the sun
Rainx works as it is advertised. It does not allow water to accumulate and beads up. Makes streaks limited especially with hard water. A bit pricey but it works.
If you've never used Rain-X I highly recommend it!  I rarely need to use my wipers in the rain and scraping snow off my windshield is a breeze.
My friend introduced this product to me shortly before we were about to wash our vehicles. He has a pickup truck and I have my teeny weeny seden. After we washed our vehicles, we applied the Rain-X, and to my delight, it does what it intends to do.I was worried that the coating would leave a smudge or visible residue, but it's quite minimal. Apply the Rain-X, then smooth it out with a lightly moist towel. Worked well for me.At high speeds (~40mph+), it's like you're traveling supersonic speed in space. The water just slides right off your windshield and rear windows.At slow speeds, the water droplets group in clumps, still making it very visible to see through rain and when you use your windshield wipers.I highly recommend this inexpensive, gem of a product!
rainx has been around for many years with the number 1 reputation for hazardous weather conditions.  once applied, when rain hits the windshield it turns the water droplets into micro beads and then that bead slides off the window.  when going over 40 MPH it gives the illusion that your almost traveling warp speed with stars zooming by the way the rain moves off the windshield.  AMAZING PRODUCT AND SO SO EASY TO APPLY!WOULD NEVER DRIVE A CAR IN THE RAIN AGAIN WITHOUT IT
Easy to put onwill not wash offdoes what it advertisesstays clearnot cloudywould recommend it again
Used for years.  Will use for more.  The spray stuff doesn't work near as well as this.  Recommend does at least three coats every season change.
7/2/14 Update - Definitely love rain-x! Extremely heavy rainfall tonight but I had great visibility when other cars were pulling over because it was just too heavy for their wipers.  Watch it in action - http://youtu.be/k9vnBlsp5qg*****************Overall I love this product and wish I had learned about it sooner!  I've never used a windshield product like this before so I can't speak to how it compares to other similar products (if there are any).So far in the month or so that I've been using this:Works best when going 50 mph or above and/or with steady rainfall.  It's great for highway driving (I commute an hr on a highway each way).Also works great if there's a sudden large splash on the windshield like from a large truck going through a puddle in the adjacent lane - much improved visibility compared to wipers at high speed!Of course, using wipers will make it so you have to reapply more often but Rain-X will improve the effectiveness of wipers when you do have to use them.Negative experiences so far:Does not work for me when going under about 50mph.At night with streetlights/etc. shining on the windshield in light rain - Tends to cause less visibility/glare from the rain droplets remaining on the windshield if not driving fast enough or no steady rainfall to cause beading.  I end up using my wipers in this situation...I reapplied another coating and will see if it helps in this situation.I still haven't gotten down the best way to eliminate the residue completely immediately after applying a coating.  I've just been living with it until the residue dissipates in a day or so.  Maybe I'm just not wiping enough after the coating dries...Miscellaneous - the box says to store upright and you should heed that because it will leak from the tip if on its side.
This is the original product.  Really great stuff.  Works so well; when rain hits, you'll be so happy you applied it.  Rain just sheets off; you don't even need wipers on.This package includes a LOT of product.  A huge improvement from the small, single-use packages they used to make (or maybe they still do); this is a much better value.The only downside to this product is the seal; there's a little spout on the bottle top that goes up and down; you flip it up to dispense the product.  It seems pretty flimsy, and doesn't seem to seal very well when closed.  I have a feeling some of it is going to evaporate out of the bottle, and at some point some will spill out if the bottle is ever turned on its side.  Other than that, great product.
It is great for smartphones or tablets screen. Not many finger marks. If you use a screen cover film, is great for that too.
These are applied the exterior glass on your car and the manufacturer claims that they can dramatically improve you wet weather driving visibility without window wipers. Well, I don&#8217;t know about dramatically but they certainly do improve the visibility through windows when wet weather driving.I must say I was impressed with how easy it is to install. When we had a down pour recently I hardly had to use the wipers. One thing to note however, don&#8217;t put this on your side windows as I did  because you will have all the water rushing in if you crack them open for any reason.This even works on glass shower doors and stops them from steaming up as frequently, which reduces how often I have to clean the shower.
I try to use this at least 2 or 3 times a year to improve wiper performance and extend wiper life. The wipers on my car are almost 4 years old and original to the car while still providing a perfect wipe every time it rains/snows. The wipers on my wife's car are almost 4.5 years old and original to the car but just started to split apart although the parts still attached provide a good wipe.I have been using rainX for over 15 years and swear by the performance. I always notice better performance with our old wipers and rainX than a friends brand new wipers and no rainX.Usually on the highway, I don't even use my wipers as the airstream across the windshield is enough to push the water droplets right off.I recommend using rainX on all the windows as you get better visibility and the water dries quicker after it stops raining because of the beading action. Windows stay cleaner between washes too.
No doubt he was a flashy magician with a lot of originality, but in real life he finished 4th in a UK Parliamentary election with .4% of the vote.What I'm saying is that the first time you apply this you'll think that it's a miracle, but that excitement quickly fades. As long as you're prepared to reapply frequently, you'll be happy. I wouldn't leave on a road trip without it.
This product is great, it allows me to drive on the highway without my wipers swinging back and forth. The first time you are driving at highway speeds in a very heavy downpour will make you see all you need to know. I have found that if I dont keep up with it every 2-3 weeks or so it looses its properties. The treatment is still noticeable but at slower speeds in town, i need to use my wipers.
Before I applied this to the windshield of my car, I noticed that the wiper blades, although new, left some streaking on the glass, and it could be a bit of a challenge to see outside especially when it rains hard and the raindrops magnify the lights of cars or the streetlights. After application, the wiper blades no longer left streaks, it became much easier to clearly see outside and the water beaded and blew away. At times, it may look like there is no rain on the glass when driving through rain at night.It works so well that I purchased another bottle when my first one began to run out.
Just a note to folks who plan to buy this for forwarding out of US. This is marked as an ORM&#8211;D Material (flammable), thus cannot be air-mailed. Amazon won't process it for return as well for the same reason. However, I did get my money back and had to advise my forwarder to dispose of it.Great customer service from Amazon! This is why I still buy so much stuff here and re-ship it back to Singapore!
My father in law introduced me to rain-x many years ago, and I've used it on all of my cars ever since.  I'm not the best about keeping the coating regularly refreshed, so I have even stopped at a convenience store and purchased the single-use wipes when on a trip and I came upon rain.I've read other reviews that talk about streaks at night that make it difficult to see with oncoming headlights ... I don't doubt that those comments are real but I can't explain them ... and my experience has been completely the opposite.  If the coating is reasonably fresh (less than 2-3 months, depending on the time of the year), I simply run without wipers and have no problems whatsoever.  In fact, I can see much more clearly than when using wipers without rain-x.For example, last night I drove 150 miles in occasional light rain.  I did use my wipers once to clean the windshield after I had been following a car on damp roads (no rain for that stretch) for 10 miles and had a film of dirt on the glass.  Other than that, I had no problems, even on winding hilly two lane roads in central Missouri with lots of oncoming headlights.  And I haven't refreshed the coating on that car for a couple of months (I told you I was bad about that).
I can't say enough about the quality and benefit of rain-x for treatment on my windshields.  my cars and bikes love it.
No completely hydrophobic, but does its job. You have to be going at least 50 to really see it do its magic. Cool stuff though.
After years of using rain x i still use it monthly really cannot say anything more about a product than Ive used it for years.
i used it on my windshield and bathroom shower door.it works for like a week. for the amount of time it took to apply and polish off, it should last longer.make sure to wear a filter when applying indoors. this stuff stinks.
Used as directed,  this is really helpful stuff when the weather turns bad. I would not kid about the weather.
Used this the first day I received it, and it literally makes the rain just roll off the windshield. Lasted for only about 1 week though, but Houston has lots of rain and lots of dust so I still think it's worth it.
I will have a much easier time this spring with the rain-x on my windows. The bead up and roll off and I don't have to run the wipers as much.
I used this one time about a month and a half ago and I have washed my car a bunch of times and the rain x hasn't even stopped working yet! I think it's a great product for the price and it's not too expensive!
This product is excellent. I have used it for about 25 years. You can use on any glass, bout I will do my windshield, door sideview mirrors, and headlights. One of the best things since sliced bread.....
If the measure of this product is it's claim, then I'd say it lives up to it's marketing claims.  Easy to use.  Does still take work, just reduces the work needed to get clear windows.
This product takes time to put on right but it is worth the effort.  When you are done you will not believe the results when you get into a rain storm.  Your windshield glass is so slick that the heaviest rain just slides right off without using your wipers.  Your visibility is improved dramatically and you can see what is going on around you.I use it often but especially when I am going on a long vacation drive.  It improves your driving safety in inclement weather and helps to keep your family and you safer. I use it on the outside of all of my windows of my vehicles.  It is good for rain, sleet and snow and even reduces the amount of bugs that will stick to your windows.  The treatment lasts for about 3 months.  It is only recommended for glass.The further you can see the better your response time to stop in case of an emergency.  I strongly recommend this product as doing a great job!
I was hoping I could use this to replace my contacts solution to help keep my eyes clear when I go off on one of my daily crying episodes (soap operas are emotional roller coasters). The burning sensation this product causes only makes me cry more, would not recommend.
I love this stuff... works much better than the two in one cleaner and rain repellent.  sadly you have to re-apply about once a week or so to keep getting the supper repellent properties.
This product has been around for a while, and everyone knows about it, but simply put it on the windshield, let it haze, and wipe it off, and all done, and sit back and watch the rain bead up!
I have been using rain X for many years now and hands down this product works. Safety #1 at night massive rain you would never know it is raining. As your windshield gets older it gets lets say worn down rocks chip at it. Windshield wipers do not do the job anymore. Rain X solves that. I cannot remember the car but recently a high end sports car was built without windshield wipers. They give the owners a bottle of Rain X. What does that tell  you.
It's Rain-X. I have been using this stuff for 20 years and the quality has always been consistent. When you do a fresh appliciation, you can almost drive without the wipers on a rainy day. Not recommended, but it is pretty wild how the water just slides off the glass.There really is not much more to say.
Once you see water beading up and flowing off your windshield during heavy rain, you'll be hooked. Definitely worthwhile. I have used this product pretty regularly for over 20 years, and will continue to do so until self-driving cars remove my need to see outside the vehicle.Some things I haven't seen mentioned in other reviews...1) After application, I have seen (in what during daylight appears to be a perfectly clean windshield) &#34;flares&#34; around light sources at night. This can be annoying in bright night environments - like tunnels, etc.2) Windshield washing can be an adventure depending upon the spray pattern of your car's nozzles. If you get a nice even mist, it'll probably be fine. Older cars that squirt a stream - good luck! Note: RainX does little to help shed dust, pollen, etc.3) Maybe it's just my imagination, but wiper blade inserts don't seem to last as long when used on coated windshields.
works great! repels the rain. I made 400 miles under the rain and haven't used my wipers. go for it
This is my first purchase of rain-x. It seems to work pretty well. I do wish it lasted longer. A few weeks after application it seems to be wearing off unevenly. Also it was difficult to get a good buffing on the windshield after the first application. Once it rained the wipers seemed to even it out though.
After watching a guide on how to properly apply this onto the windshield and testing it out in the rain, works amazing. Would def recommend.
great stuff to have when it starts to rain.  Don't need it too often in So Cal, but when it does rain, it helps a lot with visibility, especially if you haven't gotten around to buying new wiper blades during the rest of the year.
I've found rain-x to be very effective.  Rain beads up so it doesn't block visibility as much.  You'll still need to use windshield wipers, but you'll use them at lower speeds (intermittent instead of constant) to get the same result.  Rain-x is also useful for side windows, because those obviously don't have windshield wipers.I heard the car talk guys say that rain-x smears.  I have not noticed that problem.I've tried rain-x windshield washer fluid, but it does not seem to do much good.A bottle lasts a long time.It wears off; you need to reapply a few times per year.
Love it, love it, love it!! I've been using it for years, and I was always wondering why everybody isn't using it. Probably because people don't know about it. Do yourself a favor and buy this product, everything they say is totally true, you can drive in heavy rain and not even need to use your windshield wipers. You got to see it to believe it. Your driving will be much easier in heavy rain and much safer - I'd love if they made this mandatory in window washer fluid.
Nothing more or nothing less to say, this is the original and the best.Suppose you could see it as taking some work away from your actual blades.I've used this for years and never been disappointed.
This was recommended to us as a way to ease keeping our windshield clean when pulling a trailer. However, on first use it did a lot more for us than expected. The first time it rained after I used RainX was on a cross-country trip last week, and amazingly it almost completely eliminated the need to use windshield wipes even during downpours. Water drops still land on the windshield, but immediately rolls off whenever the car is moving, leaving a very clear view through the windshield - much clearer than even with wipers on high. For those who have flown small planes, the effect is much the same, and why such planes don't even have wipers. (At air speeds, wind pushes raindrops off the windshield very nicely all by itself.)The only time we needed to use the wipers in several days of rain and snow driving was when passing trucks, as those covered the windshield with clouds of tiny droplets that were hard to see through.A week later, I'm noticing the windshield no longer clears itself at speeds under 40 MPH, so it may be due for another treatment, but still stays nicely clear at highway speeds, and is very easy to clear at lower speeds with a single pass of the wipers.
RainX is a very good product. Not many people know how to apply it properly. Done right you don't need windshild wipers.This bottle was shipped all by itself, a waste of my money
I bought this to make sure there were no spots on my Gopro Hero 3+ Silver Edition while out in the rain or coming out of the water. Just put some Rain-X on a mesh cloth and apply to the front of your casing and it will work like a gem. This is the single most important thing you can do if you want consistently great videos.
showed up on time and without damage - I always suggest this stuff in the pacific northwest, it makes a huge difference, even with good wipers.
I bought this on a whim while I was stepping up my windshield wiper game and it definitely helps make water bead and run off my car windows. In light rain you don't even need wipers. It's worn off over time and I haven't bothered reapplying because, while its nice, it's not exactly a necessity, and I'm kind of a lazy man. Let's face it, glass and water are both pretty good at being frictionless on their own. I have it in my bucket of car detailing supplies, right next to my back-to-black trim treater and my headlight de-fogging paste, awaiting motivation to strike.
Fairly easy to apply and works really well. Have never used any other glass treatment to compare it againsts but this does the job.
its amazing how it makes water roll out of windshield as i drive!this is the best thing you will ever spend your money one!its a must get !
Just Good Product and works like it is suppose too. and when this bottle is empty I will buy it again.
I've been using RainX for years and it VASTLY improves visibility in rainy conditions. In addition, it keeps your glass cleaner in the long run and even makes quick cleaning easier. Bugs and road debris wipe off much easier. I ALSO use this product on our glass shower enclosure. It keeps shower residue from forming and even helps with fogging. I HIGHLY recommend this product!!!
We use this on our bathroom mirrors to help keep them cleaner in between cleanings. It actually works. Buy. Use it. Thank me.
won't work so well in the bathroom but works on windshields perfect
Rain-X 800002243 Glass Treatment- 7 oz.It's simple, this stuff works great when applied correctly, the rain will slide right off!
Yes it works well, I drive a 98 Honda and the wipers have stopped working after an accident, and getting it repaired is not worth the cost since the car itself would cost less than 2K. So, I tried this product and I am able to drive fine in the rain! Problem solved with a little cost!
This is a good product. it works so well with repelling water off windshield. I was hoping that I could use it to keep the fog off the mirrors in the bathroom but it didn't work so well for that task. so I gave it 5 stars because it works so well for the job that it is advertised to do.
I discovered rain-x in 1991 while living in NYC where rain, sleet, snow rule during winters.  Back then, I had purchased my first new car and decided to try rain-x after seeing a promotional display (convinced by the marketing claims imprinted on the box).  After the first application, there was a hazy glaze on the windshield and other glass surfaces I had applied rain-x on.  The haze dissapeared after a turning the windshield wipers on for a couple of minutes.Performance:it works as advertised.  Visibility while driving in the rain and snow increased significantly as a result of the elements sliding off the glass surfaced.  The best way to describe the effect of rain-x and water is to compare how one would add oil to a non-stick pan.  The oil in the pan would run freely in the direction where the pan is tilted.  Water and glass surfaces treated with rain-x act similarly.  At freeway speeds, the rain would just be pushed off by the effect of the wind.  During periods of light rain, I don't even turn on the wiper blades anymore because visibility is better without the wiper blades on thanks to rain-x.  I now apply rain-x to tail-lights, front lights, fog lights, side mirrors, side windows, moon-roof.Rain-x needs to be re-applied every so often.  For me, I just re-apply every now and then after I wash the cars (which is not frequent - 6 months?).  Application is simple:  use a paper towel or a cloth, apply rain-x to the cloth/paper towel and wipe on glass surfaces.  I use the lazy method:  squirt directly onto glass surfaces, allow rain-x to run down to the base of the glass before spreading with a paper towel.  Either method works.One of the few products that works as advertised.
I actually buy this product to use on the inside of the shower doors in my house. We have water that is so hard your don't need a glass! I clean the shower enclosure glass completely - including scraping the limestone off with a razor blade - then I apply Rain-X as directed. It really helps keep the buildup to a minimum. Each treatment lasts about 6 weeks if I squeegee the glass after each shower but sometimes there is no time and the interval is reduced.
works great ....you do not have to use your wipers as much...water rolls right off
There is literally no need for using your windshield wipers. I also used on our framless shower door and the water just rolls off.
I would not drive in a snow storm or heavy rain without Rain-X. Driving is much easier and relaxing when you can see where you're going. Splashes of slush from truck wheels disappears from the windshield. Visibility through rain at night without wipers is amazingly good. Snow and ice doesn't stick to the windshield and removes without scraping. I've comfortably driven through torrents where nearly everyone else pulled off the road because they couldn't see. I've driven through the worst blizzards and sleet in the last 20 years and I wouldn't  have done it without the visibility that Rain-X allowed. A few minutes to apply is all it takes. Re-apply once a month to maintain a crystal clear windshield that repels water.I note that some complain that their wipers drag with Rain-X. Well, they shouldn't be using the wipers except on intermittent. The wipers just get in the way. Rain-X does almost all the work. Rain-X does make wipers, which I suppose would not drag, but I use the wipers so rarely they last a couple years.
This makes driving in rain much safer.
I cleaned my windshield and applied the Rain-X as per the manufacturer's directions.I thought nothing of it until a couple weeks later when it started to rain.  I noticed that my windshield was repelling the water.Rather than smear across the window like usual, the water formed beads and rolled up and over my windshield.I didn't even need to turn my wipers on.
Product definitely works as described.  Have used this in the past on all of my vehicles (3 over the last 16 years) and it does a great job of clearing your windshield/windows of rain and misting.During light rains or when the roads are wet and mist is kicked up from the tires on the vehicle in front of you, this does a great job of keeping the beading moving up and off of the windows to the point that you don't really even need your wipers.  In moderate or heavy rains, it does a great job of keeping the water beaded up so vision isn't as reduced as it is on untreated windows.I docked one star though because i've found (thru multiple vehicles and uses) that my wiper blades doesn't seem to last as long after it has been applied.  I've also spoken with multiple friends who reported the same issue.  I haven't used this in conjunction with the RainX wiper blades so maybe that isn't an issue if you use them, but it is def noticeable with other commons brands... From the cheapest ones to the premium ones, it seems to affect the life of them all.That being said, i now only apply to the side windows, moonroof and mirrors of my vehicles. The beading the product causes helps keep the rain off which minimizes water spots as well.  Another plus especially in the spring when pollen is rampant and not washed away with constant &#34;April Showers&#34;.
Great product------Especially useful when driving on the Interstate in a downpour-------Water just washes away.Easy to apply.  Will use again and again.
I haven't actually opened this box and applied yet. Hope it hasn't changed because it worked awesome. I had a truck when I was in my 20s and the wiper motor died. No windshield wipers at all. Drove around like that for about 6 months thru spring and summer. With Rain X on my windshield I was able to get away with it for awhile. Rain just beads up and runs off, and hard rain actually ricocheted off and I could see fine. The key is to really clean your windshield before applying. Lasts a pretty long time too if I remember correctly. Obviously not a substitute for wipers, but in certain conditions you will be tempted to leave them off it works so good.
I bought this thinking that it would work well but it isn't beading the rain drops as much as another brand we use to buy but don't get anymore. It works out quickly, in about a week or so.
I use this not just for rain but to make it easier to get of normal water spots from washing or rain. Also to help reduce the pitting from sand and dust, plus ease in getting off bugs.This includes the revised instructions to wipe off with a wet towel instead of dry.The spray version is a little easier to apply, but is not good for shipping, lying in the trunk of the car, etc.
When I use Rain X on my car's windshield I barely need to use my wipers during heavy downpours. This significantly improves my visibility while also reducing the wear and tear on my wipers.I also use this product on my glass shower doors. It keeps the water from staining the glass which reduces the frequency with which I need to clean them.Great product.
Never used this stuff on a windshield so have no idea if it works or not. On scratched CD's, however, this stuff is magic. If you have a scratched CD or DVD skipping or erroring, apply this stuff with a cloth. It fills the scratch with a clear polymer that will bring 90% of the disks back to life. It doesn't last so use the opportunity to burn a backup and be happy.
I applied this in the winter when there was rain and snow. When it's sprinkling the droplets don't really slide down so your window ends up having tiny droplets on it. The raindrops have to be much larger for this to work to its fullest.It also makes frost and snow easier to wipe off. With a scraper or brush you could just slide all that right off with no residual ice!
I use this to keep my safety glasses from fogging up while playing racquetball and other sports. Cool stuff :)
I love love love love love this stuff! It works fantastic, and the rain just goes right over the top of my roof. This makes it incredibly easy to see during storms.
Rain-X makes terrible wipers, but you don't need them if you put enough of this on.Tip: don't put it on the side windows, unless you want all the rainwater rushing up into your car whenever you crack them open.
Not even three days after applying this to my windows it rained.. I didn't even have to turn my wipers on.. and it kept my side windows clear too.. this stuff is my new favorite thing
Cant ever go wrong with this product. this is the most economical way to buy it. if you want water to roll off your windshield, this is way better than the washer fluid that has the same Rain-X in it. I also wipe this on the rubber part of the wipers themselves as well.
Windshield appears to be very clear and was easy to apply. Seems to help visual acuity which will hopefully improve my driving ability in increment weather conditions.
Rain-X is easy to apply and works so well it'll make you laugh out loud. In fact, after putting on Rain-X I actually took the windshield wipers off my car because I no longer need them. Actually that's not true, but Rain-X seriously works well. Once you hit 30ish mph, water just flies off your windshield. Great stuff.
Bought this to use on brand new, totally see through glass shower doors.  Use it every few weeks, and it works wonders!  To date, there is not a single water spot.
I got new wipers at the same time that I bought this, and I barely need to use them.  Easy to apply, and the rain goes off to the side of your windshield.It doesn't work at low speeds, but if you're going over 30 this stuff is going to keep the rain off of your windows.
I've had friends tell me about Rain-X for years, but I never pulled the trigger until now as I was skeptical as to whether or not it lived up to the billing. Needless to say, Rain-X Glass Treatment performs as advertised. It's really cool to watch the rain drops scatter across your windshield without sticking.From experience, I recommend re-applying every 2-3 months.
This product works great and stays on the glass for a good while. I would buy this product again 100% satisfied
Larger bottle than I thought which made it a much better value. I rainX all my vehicles and wouldn't use anything else.
I had never used Rain-X before, and I'm happy to say it works very well. Application is very simple, just be sure to read the (easy-to-follow) instructions. I have recommended this product to my family and friends and they are grateful for the tip. Combined with a good set of wipers, you see through even the heaviest rain.
It truly works. Needed to come back and write a review here. That's how amazed I was! It is a much safer way to drive with less intrusion in vision out the front and the back. I used it on all windows and the sideview mirrors.
After trying the Rain X spray on cleaner / glass treatment and being very disappointed I just went back to the old original. Fantastic... now I just wish it would RAIN!!
I applied it to all my exterior windows. After 3 downpours, I can see the rain running off my windows nicely.  However, getting all the haze off after application take some serious work.
I easily applied this within a few minutes.My wipers seem to do a better job and in low rain situations (which is all I ever see) I almost don't need the wipers.  Wish I had been using this earlier.
Really really useful! I use this on my front and back windshield and it's made rain glide off. It's also easier to chip away ice after the snow before work.The only caveat is that I think it needs to be reapplied more than once every 6 months. I'd say once a month or more to maintain a good slick.
So your thought is... I apply this thing to my windshield, and then I have to wipe it off. Am I just being stupid?My answer.... NO! I'm quite a stickler about the cleanliness of my windshield, so on the second pass I wiped really hard to get rid of all visible traces of the chemical. The next few days, I had several rainstorms and this product really made a huge difference. Other reviewers are right -- the water really beads and rolls off the glass instead of sticking and leaving blurry traces as in the past. However, its not as they say that you won't need to use your wipers anymore -- you still should, but this inexpensive treatment will substantially improve road visibility (and thus your safety) when there is precipitation.
Works as intended.  Used in a cigarette lighter adapter. Fast and convenient shipping. It's just a fuse. I don't know what else to say....
They work like any other fuse. Fits under a dash board of a Gran Torino. Tail lights went out. Fixed it with these.
just what I needed for my 1966 Chevy 11 project with the old type fuse panel. great parts and price.
Needed these for my 64 Fury. You cant really go to the auto parts store these days and say give me SFE 20 or SFE14 amp fuses these days. So I bought plenty at once and have some in my cars glove compartment.
these fuses arrived on time, and as expected. so far the fuses have worked well and I am very happy with this purchase.
The price was good and I didn't have to get out of my Lazy-Boy to purchase and the product seems to be well made.
this was a direct replacement for the same toilet that lasted 10 years. I would recommend this toilet for a boat or rv.
Meets expectations,  It's a portapottie not a Porche!!!!  Can't get to excited about these things. Let's keep these things in the right perspective.  I would buy it again. When you need it you really need it.
Good lock to secure spare tire in  back of my Suzuki Samurai. Very easy to install and unlock in case of need arise.
so far so good.  Waiting to see if it rust but very easy to install and use.  Just do it
I think this lock will prevent most people from borrowing your spare tire.  If they really want your tire they would be able to smash this unit off with a hammer or large rock.  It should prevent most people from taking your spare.  It functions well and is designed well.
Bought this for my spare tire on my utility trailer. Very inexpensive (cheap), flimsy and loose fitting. Seems like it can be broken off easily. Will probably end up getting a cable lock. This device doesn't really give me a sense of security. I suppose for only five bucks you get what you pay for.
This lock is exactly what I was looking for. It looks quite sturdy and easy to use.
I never used one before. It was easy to install and worked as described. I would recommend this product. High quality lock.
Best investment to stop your spare from finding a new home!  Easy to install, did it in less than a minute!  Highly recommend it.
works as advertised.  not hard to operate.  just another key to keep track of though.  set it and forget it is great, but if you lose the key, you don't have a wheel when you need it!
But it will not work on my stock 1999 Jeep Wrangler SE wheels.  This unit needs to be screwed down onto the existing lug - and unless there is plenty of clearance around the lug this will not fit.
All good
Fits perfectly. Great price. Need this if you have an exposed spare tir. It won't stop a determined thief, but the average crook can't get your tire.
Bought this for my 2010 Rubicon spare tire. Doesn't even come close to fitting. Wish it would have said something about what vehicles it does fit.
Being the cover fits loosely any crow bar or claw hammer will be past this thing in a short time. This was for the spare on the front of my trailer, so there is four other tires and wheels (double axle) that doesn't have locks on them if a thief so desires.This will just slow them down or make them move in to the next guy that doesn't have a lock.
I bought this to protect my spare tire on my new 2010 Jeep Wrangler Sport.  It will not fit for this vehicle.  I cannot even return as the back piece bent upon "easy insallation".
Didn't fit my tire rim.  I wish there would have been more specifiic details regarding the type of rim the lock fits on.  I was really frustrated!  Now I have to start looking all over again to buy something else.
Waste of money doesnt work. I would not recomend this product to my worst enemy. I dont think they even tested it.
Master Lock 262 DAT Chrome Lug Nut Style Spare Tire Lock is a simple to use and reasonable sturdy product.  Good value
More for slowing down an amateur thief. Lug nuts that require a special tool are more secure. Had to grind away a bit of the shell due to interference with the wheel casting shape.
I fish a lot of places and alot of the other trailers have the saame bolt pattern as mine and there is none at the parking area to keep an honest person honest.
I purchased this lock for the spare tire on my trailer.  It seems like it could be broken without too much effort, but should help deter theft by being there.
Serves as a very visible deterrent and clicks into place very easily.  Very easy to install, for someone who's not very technical and most of all, great value for $.
Why are they selling this as something that will work with a Jeep Wrangler/Rubicon?  This does not come close to being able to fit on the spare. ..  . in addition, it is cheaply made and I doubt that it would work after being exposed to the elements for a couple months. . . .  Being able to secure a spare tires is a priority for me, so wasting time by ordering this and having to send it back and finding a better answer is frustrating. . . .  No wonder they don't show this lock actually attached to the spare--- IT DOES NOT FIT. . ..bogus product. .  . Come on Amazon, take down this bogus product
No complaints. Master builds a good product. Using on my utility trailer to secure spare. Works goods on spare tire stud to secure to trailer tire mount.
I have this for a spare boat tire that is attached to the frame of the trailer. The bolt is very long for this lock but a few washers behind the wheel. I have this also on my fish finder, all I needed to do was replace the know with the right size bolt and a washer or two and it worked great.
liked it but could n ot use it had to send it back could not mount tire on trailer  to use it
It is a good solid lock. Some reviews are correct the the bolt hole on the main locking device is too small and will have to be drilled to a bigger size. .The hole is an 3/8&#34;  hole that needs to be a hair larger than 1/2&#34;. There is plenty of room to drill the hole bigger if you have access to the equipment, Which I do. Once drilled the lock will sever me well.
This lock is of such a poor design that it should be removed from the market.  The premise of the design is good, but it does not take into account today's larger/longer lugnuts or recessed wheel openings.  I regret purchasing this product, no wonder the price was so cheap.  I ended up buying a set of locking lugnuts, I suggest you do the same.
Be sure your wheel will allow this lock to go all the way on. It didn't work for the wheel I bought it for, but did work on another wheel I had, so I'm ok with that. You need enough &#34;flat&#34; space around the lug for the lock mechanism to fit.
no good for the jeep jk it might work for other car but not for the jeep don't waste you money
Works like it was intended for.
This lock did not work as the feed through hole for stud is way to small for any stud that I have ever seen. Very cheaply made for being a master lock
Good product but wont work with aluminum wheels. Only good for steel rims.  I wouldnt recommend buying unless you need a paper weight.
This item works great. I am very pleased with it. I would buy this product again.John D.
This is a smart and very easy way to keep your lug nuts from getting stolen and hold on the spare tire would highly recommend
I PURCHASED THIS ITEM BECAUSE IT SAID IT WOULD WORK ON MY JEEP WRANGLER SPARE TIRE BUT IT ISN'T EVEN CLOSE TO FITTING ON THE STUDS THAT HOLD THE TIRE
The cover is useless for the rear spare tire on a Jeep Liberty it is not deep enough to use
Just installed the lock on my trailer nose mounted spare tire. After installing, it obviously works as described in the ad description. So far, I am satisfied with the item.
This lug nut lock is the wrong shape to work with a Jeep Liberty spare tire wheel. There isn't enough room for it to be maneuvered into position to close or lock -- the metal shape of the wheel prevents this lock from fitting. If you have a Jeep, don't waste your time on this lock ... move on to another solution.Note: I found this lock after searching Google for "spare tire lock for Jeep Liberty," and this item from Amazon was first in the search results as a lock that fits Jeep models. If anyone from Amazon is reading this, please fix the keywords associated with this product.Note 2: Amazon issued a prompt refund with no hassle.
Bought for my trailer, however it does not fit the aluminum wheels on the trailer.  It will not fit within the lug nut holes.Don't look for this to stop the determined thief as I am sure it can be pried off fairly easly.
I bought this for my travel trailer spare. Master lock products are great. Never had a problem with any of them.
good item have it on my jeep.. simple to put on... but had to buy a smaller lug nut at auto zone not to bad paid about  $3 dollars for it..
This is a Master lock, seems to work OK, but the keys are made of some cheap stamped metal. Like any lock that is exposed to the elements, you would be advised to put some oil it with WD40 or PCL in it from time to time.
Like most MASTER products, a very well designed and superbly performing product. The finish is also great with heavy chrome that should last many years. I bought this item for a SUV with a spare tire attached to the tailgate, and it worked perfectly even though the wheel was secured by BOLTS rather than NUTS. There is plenty of room for even long lug nuts with this item. It has a lifetime guarantee, and you can't get much better than that. Highly recommended.
Might be a nice product were it not for a tiny hole (3/8" ?) where at least a 1/2" hole should be so your spare tire bolt can protrude through the lock. Most spare tire racks I have seen have a long protruding bolt after the nut is applied. This product is worthless unless you have only a short (1/2" to maybe 3/4") section of bolt sticking out.
The base won't clear the ridge around the lug hole so the top can't be secured. The base should be slightly recessed inside the cover but the raised ridge on the wheel keeps the cover from engaging the base plate far enough.
I purchased this style lock that is put on one of the lug nuts that hold the tire to the mount. I also recommend using a chain around through the tire and the frame of the trailer. Very good product for the money.
This is good for steel but don't try to use them on mag wheels or aluminum. They wont work. I bought this for the tire on my RV but it wouldn't work if you wanted to use it on the Honda rear tire hanger. I bought the mag whell locks from Autozone. The only thing is they only sell four. But you have five on the car with the spair. So I ended up haveing three extra. Ohl well. The one here for the stell rims is a must . People today just steal to steal and sell your tires. So protect your spare you might needed it some day
I bought this item in hopes of being able to keep the key with me, rather than try to hide the standard lug nut lock key in my car. I thought this was a great idea, however this lock does not fit over the lug nut for the spare tire on the Jeep Wrangler 2011. It would have been helpful if they listed the vehicles (with model year) that this lock would fit, or offer an option to buy a lug nut for your vehicle. So over all great concept, but poor execution for this product.
This product is very well made and works just great of what is designed for. I use it on my boat trailer and now I do not have to worry about theft.
As always, arrived quickly from Amazon.  I have preferred Master Lock products.  However, I am surprised they would put their name to this item.  The housing does not fit tight to the lug nut.  There is a full one-third inch gap that would allow a point of leverage to pry the lock from the wheel.  It is flimsy enough to do such.  It will also rattle around, due to the floppy fit and is aestetically unattractive.  The top of the housing appears to dangle.  Will buy a cable lock instead.
First of all, I had a hell of a time finding a lug nut that would fit under it. Once installed, it fell off once but I found it. Then after the winter it came time to rotate my tires and the lock was jammed. Luckily, it only took the back of a hammer and about 2 minutes to pry the whole thing apart. Proving it worthless but saving me a lot of trouble.
Easy to work with, I wish I bought this before they stole my wheel. I recommend this easy to use very inexpensive to anyone
Nice lock, but don't fit my spare. I have chrome rims from the factory and this lock don't even come close to going on the lug!
This is the perfect lock for a trailer spare. I was concerned about the double sided key blanks to make extras, but my local lock smith easily made some using a Yamaha key blank
Master Lock !!! Name speaks for itself. Easy to install and while no lock is fullproof, definitely will be a great deterent
The lock does exactly what I needed it for...it protects a lug nut on a spare tire on a boat trailer.
Only works on certain rim styles. DOES NOT FIT JEEP WRANGLER WHEELS
I bought this to look in my winch on my Jeep. I just took one of the bolts out and put this in, I would thing if they really want it I'm sure they can get it out, this just makes it a little harder and if you install two they will have to work twice as hard. And for the price you can buy two..
Will not work with 2012 spare tire Jeep Wrangler, didnt return not worth the trouble. But well made for the correct set up.
BOGUS PRODUCT, bought for 2012 Jeep Wrangler spare tire....this product comes no where close to fitting. False advertising by Amazon.....
Good price and great service, it works fine, the only draw back is that the outter hole is not big enough to let the Lug come through it, it has to be drilled up a little more than the lug size, I just up size the hole, good product though
Sadly, we can lose a key (mine are at the bottom of a lake apparently too heavy for the floater to which they are attached).  After visiting several stores and a locksmith with no luck, I called Mater Lock to find a blank.  Very nice person informed me that blanks are not made for this lock.  Hmmm.I guess I throw the old lock away and buy a new lock so I have two keys again.  Hmmm
It would be better if it actually fit on my lug nuts. I have a  2012 wrangler sport. The lugs were too long to fit in the lock.
This was the 2nd tongue jack I purchased in 2 years. The first was a Fulton 1200 lbs jack that lasted 13 months before it froze up and died, despite being rinsed off with fresh water after every use. This Dutton Lainson has a much smoother operation and appears to be a higher quality unit than the more expensive Fulton.
Not often that I leave feedback but for this item absolutely.  While the description speaks to item well, upon receipt and install of the jack I am over the moon regarding the ease of install, quality of the product to include the sturdy wheel and crank.
Fits nicely on a 78 carver and allow full view.  I would buy another without concern.  high quality for the price..
The first mirror was shipped without all the parts but Amazon was quick to send out a replacement and the return of the other mirror was painless.  The mirror works great - it's very large!
Hard to find manual  is very detailed with photos to guide through repairs. Makes working on my 85 200ERN extremely easy. Well worth the money
I installed this switch and have been using it for over a year now and it works great.  It is being used for a 3200 CFM fan in my hot rod helping the modified big block keep cool.
I use the switch to operate the running lights on my boat.  Perfect for this application.  I also use the other switch to operate the bildge pump. Thank you.
It's tough to get too excited about a simple switch, but it is exactly what it appears to be.  Works just fine.
Good product. Exactly as advertised. If I need to get another one I know where to get it from now.
This went into my Four Winns boat like a breeze.  Its even got a newly designed cover to keep water from getting into the keyhole. It should help make the switch last longer
I bought this starter switch for our SeaRay when ours was sticking.  I tried 2 of the local switches which were marginal at best.  I seen this one on Amazon which looked identical to the OEM switch. I know how good Amazon Prime is about returns, so I tried it.  If you need a switch that has acc-off-run-start (4 pole) buy this one!  It is high quality.  Installing was a snap because of the screw poles instead of the blade connector.Talking about Amazon Prime, I ordered this switch at 4pm CST for next day and it was on time.  Great Service !!Gadget
I'm not really sure how an ignition switch can perform any less than expectations, so I rank this one 5 stars with the understanding that we are talking about a commodity item here. I bought this switch to replace the original in a 2000 Mastercraft Maristar 230VRS. It was the exact replacement, it arrived with all the parts and installation was simple. The original got busted by someone with an aggressive grip : )Says what it does...does what it says.
Not deliver and I am hoping to return np my credit card so far not appeared on my bill grateful
Perfect fit for our 2000 Tige 21i.  We were able to install it quickly and the boat started right up.  We are very pleased.
Yes I have installed this on my ATV (Lockly Wrangler). It does everything I need it to and more!!!! This would work great for a boat or any other out door equipment!
This installed in 10 min.  Pulled the old ignition out, and connected the terminals on the back of this one.  Then, screwed it onto the dash.  Works perfect.  No more having to fight with my ignition.
The install was easy as any install can be. Took less that 30 minutes and the boat started right up. The Acc. function works perfect. Only comment is the key's seem a little light duty, but until I break one i have no complaints.
Got this to replace a broken ignition switch on my 2001 21i Tige boat.  Switch was an exact replacement and the swap only took about 15min to do.  Has worked great since the swap.
I installed this to operate Head Lights for a subcompact Tractor. Good construction for outdoor environment..  Good current rating.  Good value for the money.
Wanted a switch to enable turn signals and brake light with or without headlights and this was the only product I could find at a reasonable price. Works great in my golf cart - turn one click to enable turn and brake, 2 clicks for all lights -  a very intuitive control.
Wanted to do a tune-up on the boat I bought last season. I changed out the plugs and wires and these worked just fine - boat fired right back up. These arrived very quickly, and seemed to be of high quality. Thanks so much. Anyone who is looking for some spark plugs for their Evinrude Xp150 (and probably other applications), look no further.
NGK makes a quality plug for outboards as well as other small engines, hey makes sense nippon parts for nippon products
My classic bike really likes these plugs, in fact it seems to run better on them than more expensive plugs.
The NGK plug do just what they are supposed to do, provide a reliable spark for the engine. They work great in my Yamaha outboard.
Looked all over for these at a reasonable price and found them on AMAZON for a super price...My outboard manual calls for this great name plug....won't install til next year so haven't tried them yet BUT it is a great product from a great AMAZON
best price when buying 10 count. it is amazing how much more expensive these are at the local auto parts store. save money buy it here.
These spark plugs are top quality and produce a very good spark. They are also quite attractive looking and sleek
Perfect!
Good quality, good service, Original brand and fairly priced, some other distributors overprice the spark plugs. This is a good distributor
These are excellent spark plugs for my Yamaha Jet Ski. The are very easy to put in and they last the whole season. Cannot say much more about a good spark plug!
The spark plugs arrived on time and as described. I used them for my jetski and have had no problems. I would buy this product again
If you run a Rotax and it goes in the air, you better be running these.  These work the best with a Rotax engine.
run these in my old yamaha WRIII since its the recommended plug for it, does its job, no complaints here.
I've been using these in all of my two-stroke dirt bikes for the last 15 years or so and they just work.
I have been looking for the exact spark plug for my vintage john deere trail fire snowmobile this is the only one it calls for I have looked for them other places even auto zone found them but they was astronomical in price I said no way then I found this sight and I bought 5 of them just incase I broke one or what ever I might do dumb but long story short these are super good sellers and super fast shipping awesome place
Love NGK spark plugs. Run them in mopeds, lawn mowers, generator, snow blower, and my brother's Yukon. NGK's seem to last the longest and help make the engine easier to start.
If you need plugs for your snowmobile or other atv this is a good price. Box stores couldn't beat it. My price was 2.09 per plug.
I ordered two and I got charged for 2 and I only received one. I have not used it because I still need to buy another one.
I have been using NGK BR9ES Spark Plug, Pack of 1 for many years. The performance and reliability are so spectacular that recently my normally insolent 13 year old female child proclaimed &#34;Kind and generous father, the NGK BR9ES Spark Plug, Pack of 1 has caused me great joy, and even serenity&#34;. Another generation of satisfied NGK BR9ES Spark Plug, Pack of 1 customer has been created.
first I ordered one to see if it is the same as the boat already has in it, this one looks different, but when it came it looks exactly the same as is in the boat, so this picture is wrong, there is NO piece at the bottom of the plug to gap. Once the first one came and it was the same as we needed then I ordered the other ones, they are all in the boat and my husband says the boat runs so much better now with the new plugs. Dont let this picture fool you, it has a flat bottom, no gap thingy... so if it is what your looking for then order them all, the very bottom of this picture is wrong.
Items arrived quickly and were as described. and were reasonably priced. Installed and it made quite a difference in performance of motor. Thanks.
I needed new spark plugs for my boat,these were the recommended ones for the model.Came timely in mail and were as ordered.Been installed on my boat for over a year and work great.Exactly what i expected.
And for that reason, is why I always trust and use exclusively when I'm replacing the plugs in my boats.
The perfect spark plug for my Mercury 650.  It seems quite dependable after a season of running.  I shopped around and unless you're going to buy a box of 10 this is the best price I could find.  I add one to my order every time I need to spend a few more buck to get free shipping.  That way I always have a spare set of three in my tool box.
it's a spark plug.works just fine in early-80s Mercury Mariner 150-v6 outboard. BUHW is a slightly easier to find and cheaper alternative to BU8H/BUH8.
These are same as plugs I removed. Old ones were not bad, I just like to change once a year. Don't want them to fail while in middle of lake. I still keep old set and old wires in boat, just in case.
I use these in my 2 stroke 75 hp. Mercury outboard. They are the recommended plug and can't say I've used anything else so I don't know if they are the best or not. Works for me though.
I had never changed the plugs on my Victory Kingpin, so I was a little nervous. But, I had my bike up on the lift while doing an oil change, so I figured I might as well change the spark plugs. They were a bit tricky to remove - I ended up using some needle-nosed pliers and they worked perfectly. Anyway, after I got my extension bar on my ratchet and got the old plugs out (the one in the rear was pretty crappy looking), I was able to put them right back in with no issues. I snugged the plug wire boot back on them, lowered the bike down and it fired right up. Works for me. :)
Good plugs, fast shipping. All as expected Overall a good deal on a quality product. I would order again if the need arose.
used to replace factory plugs on a tohatsu 9.8 HP 4 stroke outboard.  no problems, good quality construction and finish was good.
Purchased for a Nissan 8HP outboard.Works great and seems to be a solid construction.Not much else to say about a spark plug!
Purchased two NGK (3481) DCPR6E spark plugs for a Nissan 9.8 HP outboard motor. One of the old plugs had fouled out and the motor had been running very roughly probably on just one cylinder part of the time. The items purchased were as received as described by Amazon and the shipment was delivered in a reasonable amount of time. I installed the new plugs and the outboard motor is now running great and both cylinders are firing 100%.
Guys and Gals--although Amazon's little &#34;garage&#34; thing works sometimes, it says that these do NOT fit a 2013 Judge.  So I called two different dealerships and they do indeed.  In fact they read it to my right off of their parts manifest.  So, pay the cheaper price here rather than the $6.40 at the dealership.
These plugs work well in the VTX 1300. I have noticed the bike running significantly cooler than it used to with the denso plugs.
Excellent plugs; i use them on my VTX 1300 to replace the original ones that were also NGK DCPR6E.Good basic plugs. I recommend them
You can get a premium spark plug for the price of a average spark plug.I noticed a bump in performance and in fuel economy.
I bought this thinking it would be a nice way of adding oil to my airplane that would avoid making a mess and would be easier than a funnel.  However, when I received it and start playing around to see how "easy" it would to be use, it was actually not that easy to turn the flow valve mechanism.  I even tried gripping with a pliers and working back and forth a while thinking it would losen up from being new, but no such luck.  I figured once I got oil on it making it more slippery it would become even more of a challenge which is why I just returned it.I gave it 2 stars rather one because I suppose it will probably work, but I just didn't like the design so I didn't try it.
This litle gadget is great!  I use it to put oil in my CESSNA 172.  The filler neck if narrow and very hard to reach.  With an ordinary spout oil gets all over the place.  This makes the job of adding oil quick and neat!
I ordered two, thinking it was a great design.  The idea is great, but somewhere this went really WRONG!  I can't tell if a made in China issue or if the design is just that poor.  The force required to turn these two was just crazy, they wouldn't stay on the bottle.  I sprayed one with Silicone as that will usually do the trick with a plastic on plastic part.  No luck!  Hopkins needs to find the source of the problem and fix it or just not sell this model at all.  It's total JUNK and I can't rate it lower than 1 star.
Fits the standard gallon-size windshield washer fluid plastic jug and allows you to control the flow so as to easily fill your vehicles reservoir without a wet mess.  Works well without leaking due to an inner gasket.  Very handy device.
The new front loading washers are great...but I swear a sadist was responsible for the bleach chamber specifications. Super tiny, awkwardly placed, and since a full bottle of bleach isn't the easiest thing to pour, splashes and drips are inevitable. After dripping  bleach on my machine and laundry rug yet again, I searched high and low for pour spout to go on a standard bleach bottle.(Sidebar: Why oh why does non-toxic laundry detergent comes with easy-pour spouts but potentially dangerous and damaging bleach does not?!? )Thank you Google and random forum poster for suggesting that this spout meant for automotive fluids might fit a bleach bottle. It fits like a glove, pours with precision, and is incredibly easy to open/close with just a twist. And for three and a third bucks? I'm giving one to everyone I know.
I have not received this part of this three part order. There has been shipment, but I have not received the two items as of this date.  Please investigate and reship.
This Flo Tool is real handy. No more spills when adding windshield wiper fluid, anti freeze or other liquids. Twist upper portion to open and close.
This little gadget of super for controlling the flow of bleach. I'd had a few in blue for years, but they finally wore out. I was pleased to find on some internet list a link fo the FloTool on Amazon. Great little gizmo.
It works fine.  There is much more to say except it could be improved if the spout was made longer.
They arrived before the promised date.  I am using this on my bleach container so that the bleach doesn't splatter.  It works incredibly well!!
My wife loves this adapter for her gallon-size bleach containers.  She had one, a long time ago, and misplaced it and thought she'd never find another just like it.  Well, here it is in all its glory.  This is one of those things that make you shake your head and wonder why all items for sale aren't as good as this one.
I ordered two of these to go on bleach bottles.  One for me and one for my mother because she has spilled bleach on her carpet.  One nozzle came defective, but was quickly replaced free of any cost.  They work well in that they don't drip or leak, but I wish the nozzle was easier to open and close.Good overall
use on anything the cap fits on. oil, coolant, water, and fluids.  even if you only use it once, that pays for the little spout.  but you'll use it more than once. never tried it on bleach bottle, but your only limited by your imagination,
This is a "le must" item for anyone who still uses liquid bleach.  The Hopkins FloTool works fantastic on BLEACH bottles.  It will  stop all of the splatters that end up in places you least expect and make great stocking stuffers for adults.  (Did I mention that men do laundry too?!)  The bleach will eventually deteriorate the plastic, but at this price replacement is not an expense.  Holes in fabrics costs more than these handy little toppers.
It is so nice to be able to pour bleach into my front-load washer without splashing it everywhere.  Bought extras just in case I lose one!
I love, love this little gadget.  I owned one for many years before throwing it out with the empty jug of anti-freeze washer solution.  I bought it at Walmart but upon returning to the auto section to get a new one, I found that it was no longer carried by Walmart- even checked Walmart.com.  Without hesitating, my next choiice was Amazon.com and I found it.  It's neat to be able to turn the knob to adjust to the amount of solution you want to fllow as you refill your windshield washer tank.  The few dollars that I paid for this tool is priceless.  It paid for itelf the moment I used it.
I need a better way to pour bleach from the large bottles from Costco.This works perfect: safely pour bleach, securely seals the bottle.I would recommend to a friend. I would buy again.
This is a bit smaller than I thought it would be, and would probably work for putting oil in my car. Since we are in a  severe drought here in CA, we fill buckets while waiting for the water to heat up for dishes & showers. This works great for transferring that water into plastic containers, that we then use for watering plants, rinsing dishes & washing windows, etc. The price was certainly right & it is long enough, that it stays in the jug without having to hold it in.
Much smaller than it looks, way too expensive for its size.  If I'd known how small it was I would not have purchased it.They charged me $3.33 for it, for $1 It's ok.
A very convenient funnel for adding gasoline additives into the fuel tank as well as other engine fluids. Lightweight yet sturdy. Reasonably priced. Will probably last a lifetime.
This is smaller then I thought for a funnel,yet it is useful more then I thought it would be.  Such as oil in the lawnmowers.
i bought this product expecting not much more than a normal standard funnel.  that is exactly what I got.  Just as advertised and a good transaction
If you have a tabletop fireplace, this long funnel is a must. I don't know how I'd get the fuel in without it!
Definitely worked exactly as planned to change fluids in my 2007 Honda Accord. No spills. No issues. Get this for 1 gallon or less.
Long enough for most applicatons.  Good angle for hard to reach areas.  Does what a funnel needs to do!  Bridges the gap between where your liquid is and the container it needs to reach!
I use this funnel for putting oil into my SUV. It helps keep me clean and the oil flowing into the oil canister.
Just grap this item at very good prize for multi purpose usages . With it lenght , we can use for automatic tranmission fluid replacemence
works great to put oil in my new portable generator and seems well made;recommend this funnel for hard to reach places.
Excellent product. Highly recommend! Well made and just the right size for the generator. Easy to use to fill other oil reservoirs.
Easy to use, handle and price is good.  funnel is nice and long.  will use for a long time for multiple uses.
What do you want?  It's exactly what you expect.  A blue funnel shaped like the pic.  Just what I needed.
This is a great little funnel! Yes it's just a plain plastic funnel for its a great value for the $1.39 I paid here at Amazon. I stress the price because it appears that other have paid much more for this item. For a buck and a half this thing is great. Just note the specified dimensions and if those meet your need you can't go wrong. I use this for general needs around the garage and shed. Why are oil fill caps always in the most awkward locations? With this funnel no problem!
This is a nice all purpose funnel for th price.  The length and girth of the tube makes it ideal for most ATF jobs.  It fits nicely in the filler tube of most vehicles I have encountered so far.
Works as designed.. bought it for my generator.  did what it was supposed to do.I am no longer funnel less... Happy days!!
I used it to fill up my motorcycle oil, and it works fine. Would be pretty hard tpo make a product like this in a wrong way
I use this to add fuel additive in my gas tank. Works perfect!I like the hole they put on top so I can hang it on my rack for storage.Overall, a good funnel to keep on hand.
a lot smaller than it looks  cheaply made only good for very small jobs a a a a aa a
It does the job, use it for a hard to reach transmission fluid fill pipe. You may want one with a flexible pipe for really hard to reach spots
good funnel. good price. long spout to reach with...and a curved top. To help with pouring. Also helps keep spillage to a minimum.
This is a small funnel, It will work for just abought any task.Small and easy to store in a zip lock bag to keep it clean.
It's a funnel, not much else to tell.  It can't quite take a full quart of oil without overflowing; you'll have to dole it out pretty slowly.  The tip of the funnel is smaller than I figure is necessary for automotive purposes (unless you have to add oil via the dipstick hole.)Other than that, it works fine.
Hard to complain, it's a funnel, it's a good length and width for awkwardly located fills. Has a guard on the top for spill prevention, feels sturdy and durable, and the price is more than fair. What's not to like?
This is the best funnel I've owned... ever!  They weren't kidding when they said this was "multi-purpose."  It's a great addition to my kitchen!
I ordered this funnel to use while camping. I was wonderfully surprised to discover a moderate size funnel. It easily fits in the little kitchen drawer in my travel trailer kitchen and is just the  right size for my needs. It is made of a sturdy plastic that handles hot water without melting. I have used this funnel to fill a solar shower bag with hot water to rinse off soapy dishes and to bathe. It serves my purpose.
This is a total rip-off in price. Bought the identical funnel at Wally's World yesterday for a mere $0.97 + tax!
Always meant to get one when I bought my new house and now that I have I grabbed this for a great price on Amazon.  Does just what is required of it.  Mainly for small jobs like combining bottles.  Very pleased.
This thing is smaller and skinnier than I thought, although it is very long.  It is awkward for filling my car engine oil because its so long that the bottom of the funnel hits the valve heads before anything else, so its unstable to just sit in there.  I have to hold it to support it with one hand while i fill the oil with the other.It does have some good uses though, as it is just the right size to fill my motorcycle transmission oil.All in all, the funnel is solid, no complaints on the product quality, but I think next time I will purchase in person so I can really gauge the size I need.
If you've tried to pour liquid into a bottle or jar, you know how hard it is to use a funnel that's not the right size. This funnel has a long stem, which is very helpful when pouring into long skinny bottles.  I use this for pouring engine cleaner from a large bulk container into a single-usage bottle that I use again and again to ensure I'm not over- or under-filling my gas tank for each application. Works well, so I can do with only two hands.
Shipping a little expensive....small funnel that comes in useful when filling gas tanks with small openings. Also for hard to get to vehicle gas tanks and or oil reservoirs.
FOR THE LOW PRICE CAN'T BE BEAT.ONLY THING I DON'T LIKE AND THAT'S NOT CONCERNING THE PRODUCT IS THE STICKY LABELWHICH IS NEAR IMPOSSIBLE TO TAKE OFF EASILY
Just the right size and shape for loading oil into my snow blower.  There is only so much you can say about a funnel but it works very well for the task at hand.
The funnel is solid and will last forever. It eliminated my spill problem while using fuel additives. The price was great.
Works great in refilling oil in my generator and lawnmower!It even has a lip on the top so the oil won't go out of the funnel.The only problem with funnels is, you never know how full the chamber is,and always need to remove the funnel to look. Someone should invent a meter on the funnel, that helps in overflowing,and an end valve in case the chamber is full, to prevent it from overflowing.But until then, this funnel will do just fine!
Extended lip makes gas handling much easier. Spill is minimized. Surprising someone didn't think of the lip feature before now. Wish there was a larger version.
It feels like it's made of great quality stuff.  It's very sturdy and not flimsy like some other funnels out there.  I recommended this funnel In conjunction with this item &#34;RhinoGear 05068 3 piece Funnel Set&#34;I use this to top off transmission fluid in vehicles.  Comes in very handy!!!
A dollar? I stole this. hehehee
Not too much to say about this except that it was exactly what I was looking for. Just a regular funnel but it&#8217;s well made and long-lasting. I even had to pick up a few extra for my crafting and cooking needs. Can&#8217;t go wrong with this one.
I can not say too much on this funnel. It works and does its job end of story. The price is right
While this is a simply plastic funnel, its uses are allot. My biggest use is with  power equipment like my riding lawnmower; the oil cap is near the bottom and a difficult place to fill. The funnel is perfect also for smaller engines like my Pressure Washer - etc. Hope this helps.
Perfect funnel to pour oil into your crankcase..  This funnel can be used for other purposes of course,.. but I bought it for pouring quart oil into my crankcase.
It's a funnel.  You pour liquid into the top and the liquid comes out of the bottom.  I can't imagine how any funnel could get less than 5 stars unless it broke or something.
Great, and low cost. Bought this from reading reviews on my generator. Glad i purchased this for filling the oil.
Not a lot of bells and whistles, just a nice spill-proof funnel.Great for multiple uses - bought this for replacing engine fluids without the mess.
I'd previously purchased this w/o having an actual use for it. Turned out to be practically custom made for putting oil in my Subaru inverter/generator.
Not much to review...it does what it says and seems like it should last a while if I don't run over it with my car...
a good funnel works great i use it on car to pour sablizer in.it is great quailty will rust.i would buy enother one
What's to say?  It's not very large.  It works perfect in my 2003 Chevy truck to add a Fuel Additive into the fuel tank!!!  It should work for Power steering and transmission also, at least on Car/trucks that's not hard to get to or down load were access is bad.  The design helps keep you from spilling when your poring a fluid into it!  For under $5, not a bad deal.  Hang it up out of the way when done with it.  It's able to fit into your Transmission Dip Stick tube, so it has to be small enough, so you can just dump a bunch a fluid into it at once!!!  It's small and doesn't hold all that much.  For what it is, I like it.
Great item to keep in the car just in case.  I use this item to put oil in my car works very well, then I don't have to worry about spilling it all over the engine.  It can be used for putting gas in the tank, windsheild wiper fluid and power steeting fluid in.  Must have!
This is a GREAT funnel for what it is desinged to do. ADD FUEL ADDITIVES to your gas tank. No drips or spills on the side of your car. (LOOK at the picture) For other applications, maybe a larger or different style funnel is better. Price SHIPPED TO YOUR DOOR tax free is VERY GOOD. ($3.36)(The list price $23.88 probably should be $3.88) :)I like it and would buy it again.
Works as advertised. Great for filling other items with.Used it fill sand into small bags for a project at work. Works well.
i didn't expect to be small, but my guys love it. they can put it in their pocket and the funnel tube are long and it prevent a lot of spills.
Got this to put oil in my ATV and generator. These devices have tiny oil fills impossible to fill from bottles or cans, This makes all the difference. Drip free is sooo nice.
I was lookimg for a small funnel like this one. It will serve my purposes exactly. It couldn't be better,
How can you rate a &#34;funnel&#34; badly?  Ha ha. It either funnels the liquid or it doesn't, and unless there's a huge block in the tube or something, there's no reason is wouldn't work.  I recommend.
$5 bucks for this junk!  I thought it is a sturdy large funnel but it is not! Sturdy, yes.  Big, no!! Opening is NOT 4 inches.  Barely 2 inches or so.  This size and quality I saw at Autozone the other day for $1.49!
This funnel, works as advertised. I used it to add an additive to my car's fuel supply.
Got it for funneling gas into the car after Sandy- does it job, came fast, would buy again if I needed another.
Funnel is funnel. For this price any item is fine and should do what it supposse to do. I like it.
I needed to funnel gas from can to generator. Cheap price and works as advertised with no issues. Would recommend.
What can you say about a funnel?  I use it to service my Polaris Ranger Crew.  Nothing overly exciting about a funnel.  It works for me.
You need a funnel? It funnels whatever you need. I seriously use it to change the oil in my motorcycle, but it does what you expect it should at a price point you would like.
what more could you ask for with regard to a funnel? The only thing lacking is a ridge on the end tube to allow your reservoir to breathe more readily. But I guess for the price (&#60;$2, add-on Prime shipping) it's a good piece to have around.
This funnel was cheap and worked perfectly to pour oil into my motorcycle (weird angle fill hole). Good quality and looks fine.
You can use this for filling gas cans, kersene heaters, lawn mowers, atv, small gas cans and much much more
The reason I am giving this one star is because it is impossible to remove the label. I tried picking it off but then there was sticky glue where the label had been. I am just going to throw it away. Amazon is very so good about returns but I don't think it is right to have them pay more in return postage than this cheap piece of garbage cost me.
I don't use this funnel much since it a bit small and only needed for places that are hard to reach or don't need much fluid. I wouldn't recommend filling over 0.5 qt.
Item came in quickly and was exactly as advertised. I would recommend using the company again.  Great prices as well.
This funnel works extremely well.  I used it to put gasoline into my car and the long tube makes this possible.
The shape of the top of this funnel looks a little odd, but the first time I used it to pour oil into my car I fully understood it.  The extended portion makes a nice target for the initial pour out of a full bottle of oil.  No more &#34;first drips&#34; to clean up.
This item was disappointingly small.  I know that I assumed and what that means, but I think that they should have had a small side note on the description that this would be best used on a Vespa.  However, I will use it for small liquids.
Its a funnel.. Works like a funnel , looks like a funnel and oh wow its blue. So if you need a blue one get it.
The item works as it should and seems well made..Not much more to say about a basic item that performs its job well...
This funnel is very handy with the long neck in reaching hard to get to places. I would recommend to anyone.
What can you say about an item like this? Well it did its job and it came cheap. Can't ask for much more out of a cheap funnel. I use it for my oil changes and it hasn't failed me yet. The blue is also nice if you are picky about that sort of thing. Anyway, it's a funnel, need one? Buy this one. You won't regret it.
Priced right and Just right for the longer reach needed for todays cars and trucks. Buy two or 3 they are so handy.Makes it easy to fill hard to reach items such as mowers UTV'S etc.
good funnel
Best small funnel yet. Great for changing oil in a small engine. 8 more words required they tell me. Now they are controlling how I respond. Sounds like politicians to me. Doesn't take away from the great funnel though.
great funnel with a wide mouth, awesome value with this product. Tha hard plastic material maked it is easy to clean too!
Let's face it, for lower cost items we really want to know all about the product not so much the cost.  This funnel is a perfect tool for adding oil to generators and other products around the house that require motor oil.The tip is small enough to fit inside of most tight spaces, and the angle they put on the Funnel is an outstanding idea&#8230; it really made my life easier!!!I would recommend this item to anyone who needs it!
Have not had a chance to use it yet, but it appears to be just what I need for my generator oil change. Thanks again.
Pretty small funnel, but does its intended job. Great for oil changes and other fluid changes in/on/around your car. I wouldn't recommend using this for beer, especially not after changing car fluids; but hey, I can't control you! You are your own man (or woman). So go ahead, and go America!
It is what it is. It will work well for oil since it is a lot smaller than I expected. I've seen what looked like these in the auto parts store that were a couple of feet long. I had to laugh when I pulled this tiny thing out of the box.Nothing wrong with the product though. I should have considered the dimensions and the price I was paying for it.
The Flo Tool is a little small but does the job for me whether putting oil in car (have to fill slower than larger ones) but definitely nice for adding motor oil from larger gallon+ sizes to smaller quarts to properly measure correct usage amount.
great little funnel, long narrow output is good for transmission fluid or other stuff similar with a small opening not easy to get to.
This I use to replace the transmission fluid on my Lincoln Town car.  The tube is quite narrow and way back at the firewall.  The long skinny tip of this funnel reaches all the way back there and fits well, preventing a real mess.  Can't beat the price either.
Did not access my &#34;easy open&#34; capless gas receptacle on my car as I hoped (diameter is too small to trigger opening hinge), but good for pouring liquid into small diameter openings.  Good funnel, good deal.
Bought this along with a No Spill 5 gallon can to use for track days. THe length is excellent and gets down into the filler of your car. It also fits in a 1 gallon freezer bag so you can seal it up and put it back in the trunk when done without smelling gas or getting it on your trunk carpet. Two improvements would make this a 5 star funnel. 1) It should be slightly upturned at the opening to catch gas as it backs up 2) The diameter of the nozzle should be larger and it easily could be given the tank inlet size - would allow faster filling.
This funnel is exactly what I expected.  The spill saver on it does a good job and it is not too bulky.
Due to its long neck, it's good to pour gas into your car's gas tank.  If you buy this one, there is no need to buy the No-Spill Spout Extension.
What can I say? I have no idea why anyone would complain about this funnel.  It gets liquid from point a to point b; no spills, no problems.  I used this funnel to pour Seafoam additive into my gas tank and had no problems and it wasn't too awkward even with the weird angle.Not much liquid fits into the funnel so you must pour slowly to moderately. Really, is that an issue?  This world is full of crybabies.  You want more fluid to fit? Then buy an expensive funnel.  Anyway, for normal people, this works, it's cheap, and it also ships out at record speed.
When I purchased my generator from Amazon.com, the review mentioned that I would need a funnel like this in order fill the generator with the required oil.  I didn't have one; thus, I ordered.  Glad I did.  It was exactly what I needed.  I really like the reviews and comments that Amazon allows to be posted as it gives the necessary insight before purchasing an item -- in this case that I needed such a multipurpose funnel.  The price was right and shipped of course right to the house.
The size and length make this a funnel that is just right for changing the oil on my generator and lawnmower. Recommended A+
Works well and as described, however smaller that what I thought from image on order page
... with their anti-leak valves that cause me to spill a quarter of the gas onto my shoes and the ground.I purchased one of these 5 months ago to help put sta-bil in my gas cans and decided to keep this in the car with my other emergency supplies (jumper cables, gas can, chains, fan belt, and tools.Recently, my wife ran out of gas.  (She doesn't like to &#34;clutter&#34; her car with &#34;heavy emergency stuff&#34;.  I zipped over to where she was stranded and pulled out the gas can and the funnel.  Rather than try to twist the lock while holding the gas can which has in the past resulted in me pouring gas all over my jeans and shoes, I used the funnel and it worked AWESOME.  No spill, no wasted $$$ from wasted gas.  I'm sure that I'll find other uses for the funnel.
This simple little funnel works like a dream, no more spilling oil all over the machine trying to get it into a small, out of the way orifice on the engine block.
Just the right tool for adding liquids to the car's inside.  Liquid goes right in, do not spill onto car.
OK, what can you say about a funnel?  Filler holes on most bikes are not really easy to access without spilling oil, but this funnel makes it very easy.  Great product, and highly recommend.
The size measurements provided are a bit disingenuous. The funnel is 10" long but the section that comprises the tubular section is only 6" long. It states that the funnel is 4" x 4" but in reality the opening for the funnel is 2-1/4" in diameter at the widest point.It would work to put a quart container of a liquid into something but for any larger container it is going to be worthless.
Only 1 cord of 48 was shipped. This was either mislabeled or misrepresented. DEFINITELY NOT THE RIGHT PRODUCT FOR THIS PRICE!Product Features Case 48 12" Yellow
The Amazon part listed showed and described the exact plug and rubber boot, including the correct part number, I needed. The first part I received was the receptacle that the part I ordered plugs into. The package was mislabeled. The same day I notified Amazon of the error the correct part was shipped and I had the correct part the next day. The original part that came with the electric winch was used to make a cable that connects a boat trailer winch to my vehicle and works fine. This connector was used to make a second cable that bypasses all of the vehicle wiring and connects directly to the vehicle battery in case there is a problem when I am on a boat launch ramp. I have ordered other items from Amazon and have been very satisfied that I get what I want in a timely manner at a fair price.
Replaced old spark plugs with these.  Motor runs fine.  It does start faster.  Can't go wrong with Champion spark plugs.
THANKS TO AMAZON I WAS ABLE TO LOCATE A PORTABLE CASE CONVERSION KIT. I NOW CAN TAKE MY DEPTH FINDER OUT OF MY BOAT AND USE IT FOR ICE FISHING,GREAT ITEM.
I bought this to try to you my Humminbird graph for the ice fishing season of 2009-2010.  I removed my Humminbird from my boat and was able to use this unit to help me use it while ice fishing.  The graph didn't work as well in the cold(slow refresh rate on lcd display).  It was tough to try to rig the transducer to point straight down.  But it was a very cheap alternative(compromise) to buying an Ice Fishing specific unit.  The portable case worked great for my purpose, it was the head unit that was the weak link.  I have since purchased an Ice Fishing specific unit.
I really liked the saying because of the humor of it. The one thing that is wrong with the frame is that it needs to be notched in on the bottom corners because it covers up the plate stickers, which is illegal. I had to cut out pieces to allow them to show as much as possible. I broke one side doing this but glued it back together and it's fine.One other feature that would be nice is that it has screw holes on the bottom too, so vandals can't pull up on it and break it off.I've already gotten compliments on it, as our State also has wine country plates.
This part is really good quality, it does what it suppouse to do. and it fits and it looks great
This is a great switch! Only thing that could make it better... would be a LED light in it to see it at night! But I looked forever and couldn't find one... So this works great! I am using this for internal winch control for my winch on my jeep!
simple momentary switch. large button so it is easy to hold. has great resistance on toggle so it doesnt accidently get engaged. I used this for an auxillary fuel tank that i use to pump fuel into factory tank on my toyota tundra as needed.
I have shopped around at other spark plugs, but these guys are great and I received my package very quickly.  I highly recommend them.
The price for this item is per single roll, not 24 in a case. I should of checked the other sellers of the same item.
Good for taping off areas you dont want detail product on.  All plastic and non painted surfaces need to be covered before high speed buffing.
This is a great item, it is just what I needed to fix some damage to our travel trailer I had about a 4 inch dent and crack from a tree that fell and hit the side of our unit. This kit had everything I needed to fix it and more then half of the gel coat resin left over.
Nice little kit.  Used some of the color match with FGCI gel coat and had good success.
I have used this product to repair small cuts in the hull of my boat and I most recently used this product to repair a fiberglass shower.  Regarding the shower, I repaired screw holes from an old door so that I could install a new, all glass, door.  This kit has almost everything you need to make a fiberglass repair except there isn't very much of the resin.  That wouldn't be a problem except there isn't much guidance regarding the addition of the colors to the resin.  Let me emphasize that you do not need to add much color.  The chances are very high that you will add too much color and screw up at least one batch.  Then, the chances are good that you won't have much resin left for the second batch.  Anyway, if you can get the color mixed properly, the rest of the process is easy.  One other thing that is not included with this kit is a clearcoat top finish.  I suggest you purchase a spray can of clearcoat top finish.  After you have completed your fiberglass repair with this kit and have completed sanding the surface to a smooth finish, spray the clearcoat on it to protect it and to match the un-sanded fiberglass around it.
Have not tried my expertise with the product but,  I appreciate being able to buy inexpensive small quantity to test my skills--=would buy again
This product was great to work with after I realized that you need to add Incredibly small amounts of color to tint, with the colors provided.
Product was expired when received. Tried to use it anyway, we were in emergency situation.  Every patch fell out, had to buy new product at the boat store and redo the job.
It worked very good, im pleased with the product. You should deff buy this if you need a shackle. Good buy.
This is one of the most useful gadgets to have.  I one mounted on a portable generator and another under the hood of my motor home.  The chargers keep the start batteries at full charge and ready to go.  All I have to do is disconnect the electrical extension cord and I'm ready to go.  Have had one of these chargers in use for over 2 years - still working fine.
I've been using this to keep a battery charged in a car that I rarely drive or start. It can be easily installed under the hood without bolting it into the car and the charger is very secure. The bracket for the charger is being held in place by the weight of the battery and the charger doesn't move.
this is by far the best trickle charger i have. i own two now and will buy another in the future excellent quality does not overcharge and works perfectly
I installed one of these in my Ford F-350 diesel 5 years ago and it's still going strong. That convinced me to put another in my John Deere 210LE loader. For the money, this is one tough maintainer that will extend the life of you healthy batteries!
I am car-sitting a vehicle that mostly sits in my garage.  I don't drive it nearly enough to keep the battery charged.  I am also convinced that Fords have a damn trickle as this car drains a battery faster than anything else I have seen [maybe not as fast as a snooty BMW].  I spent a hoop of time looking on line for a quality product.  This one was well reviewed on many forums and after going to the factory web page I was convinced.  Amazon had the BEST price period.  I ordered four to start, one for Dad [has a truck he rarely drives], one for car I "baby-sit", one of wife's Jeep it sometimes does not get driven for days which is only a concern during cold Illinois winters, and my truck which always is outside [does not fit in garage] and thought it would be a good idea on those super cold nights when I also plug in my battery blanket and oil heater.I installed two so far and it was very easy!  The unit is designed to be permanently mounted under the hood, it comes with a bracket and some screws.  The first thing I did [I know it voids any warranty] is open it up and de-solder three wires from the short 12" cord and upgrade to a 14 gage 3 conductor cord of adequate single length.  I routed and zip-tied it to blend in with all of the other factory wires and ran it to the front lower valance [bumper] where I fabricated a simple aluminum bracket with grommet pull-through opening and terminated at a plug.  Now to use all I have to do is plug it in, no need to even open the hood.  With it disconnected you can barely see the plug from behind the license plate.  Total time about an hour and a half, if you are less particular I guess you could toss it in and be up and running in 10 minutes.  So far very happy, I have taken some measurements of the capabilities and thay are as claimed.  Almost forget, pics on amazon are not totally accurate, does not gome with a fuse holder for battery side.  I added a 5A blade fuse with all weather holder to the positive side between unit and battery for peace of mind.
Works great!
We have cars with full of electronic gadgets so they consume significant electricity, even when car is being driven. Almost every week we get no start due to weak battery. I have an external car battery charger (old). It is bulky to setup to charge cars overnight. Also it does not have any detection, so the battery can be continuously overcharged, which will eventually damage the battery (as multiple battery experts tell me). Never learned our lesson as we had 3 quality batteries purchased and replaced - each within 2 years.After reading all the great reviews, I bought one of these on-board charger and installed in one of the car that frequently dies (even with new battery). Now I can just plug in to the wall when car is parked each night, and unplug in the morning before the commute. No need to check if charging is complete if not driven for days! Also it will reduce the risk of not able to start the car to almost none.I will be buying another one for our other electronic gadgets-heavy car...  The next convenient thing is to find a good retractable power cords that can either be installed in the car with the on-board charger, or to the outlets for which the charger will be tapping power from.
This a repeat purchase.  Bought two (2) for boat batteries.  Works very well and would recommend the product to anyone needing an automatic trickle charger.
Schumacher SE-1-12S Fully Automatic Onboard Battery Charger - 1.5 AmpsI found this battery charger to be, the best I have ever used. I use this mainly for my motorcycle during the winter months.  I find that it is not only very easy to use, but the charger monitors when your battery is low, and keeps to the proper level.  I bought this about eight years ago in a department store, and it worked fine for many years.  But when selling a previous motorcycle I gave the charger to the party who purchased the bike.  About two years later I purchased another motorcycle, and I could never find this charger until one day I when out to Amazon, and immediately bought it.  I highly recommend this unit to anyone who needs a good automatic battery charger.
The description reads: "Designed to allow for safe charging of batteries used with RV, street rods, classic cars, mototcycles and snowmobiles, as well as deep-cycle or most other commonly used lead-acid batteries, the Schumacher SE-1-12S Fully Automatic Onboard Battery Charger is a convenient accessory suitable for use with most any vehicle that experiences long storage periods between uses, or requires improved battery performance during cold weather."Sweet! This product is a great fit! Thank - you!
I just installed this unit so don't have any long term experience with it. However, potential purchasers should know that there is no 12 ft. cord. Instead, the cord is closer to 8 inches. Another potential problem: make certain that there is enough room next to your battery for installation. Fortunately, I could squeeze this into the VW Eurovan engine compartment but not without removing the plastic faring over the battery area. I do wish the cord were 18 inches.
This is the 3rd Schumaker battery charger I own. Boat , RV and classic car it keeps your battery fresh
I use these chargers on vehicles that are not used very often, such as my Motorhome, whole house generator, classic car and on the tractors during the winter months. This charger can be mounted on the unit, then just pluged in when the unit isn't going to be used for an extended period of time. The battery doesn't over-charge and it is ready to go when it is time to start. A good investment at a good price.
I had a dead battery in my weekend car twice, so that was it. Battery tender time. Since I have bought it, I only put it on the tender once a week, and it still works great. I have tested the battery with the tender on it w/ a volt meter, and it definitely has an auto shut off.I would like if the wires were longer, both the plugin, and the output wires. I would also like an on off switch on the actual charger, but thats probably just me. Its a bit loud when charging, but then again, most auto batter chargers are.I would buy it again or for another car, etc.
I like the short 110 volt cord and the included 12 v cords. I have had one of these installed on my old M5 for 4 years and it keeps my battery and electronic dash alive. I just bought another one for my dad to use on his tractor. I think is the the best value for a unit to be installed on the car/truck/boat since I don't pay for hardware I don't use. When I have more uses, I'll get another.
Excellent item.  Works as advertised.  Easy install in engine compartment.  Bought one a few years ago for my motorcycle too.
Tested on a discharged battery and it charged it over night. Great for your boat/bike or anything that you need to charge over night for use the next day. If your looking for a charger that charges in 10 mins. this is not the one. Great product, and shipping. Thanks Amazon
I have used the Schumacher onboard chargers on my last two trucks. One was in Fairbanks, Alaska where temps often hit -50 and a powerful battery is a must. I used a short extention cord under the hood that had 3 receptacles. I had the engine block heater, a silicone pad oil pan heater and the charger plugged into it so that all three were activated when plugging in for the night. Nine years of severely cold winters and my truck started every time. This charger keeps the battery fully charged so that it won't freeze and you will not have to worry about an over-heated battery that often happens with electric battery blankets or silicone pad heaters. I'm ordering another Schumacher for my new truck.
I have 4 of these charges now.  One for each car that is not driven very often.  They worked extremely well.  The charger was delivered quickly.
If you want to keep your standby generator battery up to full charge, this is the item you need. It is better because it maintains the proper level without constantly running and drying up your battery.
I bought and installed this product along with my oil pan heater and block heater. I live in Alaska and i have three high output gel batteries for my all RF 2000 watt stereo system and i dont want my batteries freezing and going bad. I have over $5000 on my car audio so the price of this little unit was great insurance to keep a good charge during those cold months. I would recommend to others who want to protect there cars from cold weather or long periods with out starting to charge. Easy to install, great info and directions. Looks good as well.  Thanks Amazon!
Compared the price of this item over the enternet and this suppier beat all others by far the part was brand new .
Works great I know intsall these guys on everything with a battery they are that awesome keep everything topped off.  I had a bought that never started well, two mechanics tried to fix it nothing worked. This fixed the problem entirely.
these are a lifesaver for charging tractors and cars that get parked for a duration. plug in overnite and bingo
To bad they don't come with good battery clips attached.I'm using a few of these for both battery maintenance and recharging when I don't need the battery charged up fast.  I remove the ring terminals and replace them with battery clips.  Being low amp output and automatic I can attach them and forget it until I need the battery.  When I use one for charging a car battery, I'll place the charger under the hood, and loop the extension cord over the driver's side mirror.  That reminds me the battery charger is hooked up.
So longevity is good on this unit as I've been using it on and off for a year plus now. It's small, charges up a car battery just fine (even from completely dead). The only thing I decided I didn't care for after the fact were the circular attachments. Originally I thought I'd just mount this somewhat permanently to a vehicle I had sitting mostly, so tried mounting these with the main battery lugs. They were a bit too large in circumference to do that, unless you just lock down one part of the disk. However, I'm sure you could rig something to work like this using a washer or something. Anyway, I ultimately did not end up using it that way, instead using it as needed, grabbing it off the shelf, looking to hook it up to a battery right quick. Well, how do you do that? In this instance, I'd prefer larger alligator clips to ease and speed of hook-up. Keep that in mind when purchasing this item.Due to only the mounting issues (attachments being too large circumference to fit typical battery lug nut) and the lack of an alligator clip attachment, I rate this 4-star. Other than that, for an inexpensive charger, this offers a lot and I wait to do my reviews for awhile so I can offer information on reliability which is important to me. This unit has been out in the weather, hooked up and removed probably 25-times, charged that many times, and is still working great.
For automotive batteries, you will have to make adapters if you do not hard mount it  Use it on my dual battery truck
I power a lot of different weird things and man o man this charger keeps me efficiently prepared for any weird little needs that may arise on a daily basis.
My order was shipped and received in a very timely manner. It was in original packaging and was exactly what I ordered. I was very happy with this purchase. It was a great value. I would recommend this product to anyone that is interested in mine.
Up until I installed this unit I was having battery failure every year on my hardley used truck. I had to purchase a new battery every year and this was very costly. So far, since I installed this unit - no battery failures and more money in my pocket than the cost of this charger unit.I am a very happy camper...
I was looking for a small onboard battery charger to trickle charge a small car, King Midget, that doesn't get driven enough to keep the battery completely charged. So far it's worked as advertised. It's small and light weight so I was able to attach it to the outside of the plastic case holding the battery. Unlike other reviews, I didn't mind the 6 inch AC cord as I didn't have to worry about a longer cord becoming undone and wrapping around the chain drive.It worked well for six months and suddenly stopped working. I'm going to try another one as I liked the size.Update 2-16-2013.  The replacement is still working, so I am happy with this product.
good  quality  small  i use it with generator  battery and  it saved me a lot of money  one  battery a  year  is  silent and stable and fully automatic
Installed this on my '99 Dodge Cummins to keep the batteries charged on cold winter nights. I put a splitter on my extension cord to the block heater and power them both at the same time. It works great and is very convenient.
Great Product!I own a Land Cruiser 76 diesel who needs a very well charged battery to start, the battery was low only 1 volt so the car didnt start, but with this charger tha battery was ready in less than 1 night and now is ready everyday!
I bought two of these for our scooters. They mounted right under the seat near the batteries. Now I just bring an extension cord to the scooter and plug them in. the lights tell you when they are charging and fully charged.
I have a number of these units, in use on three Corvettes, three John Deer Tractors, and a couple other batteries. Waterproof, mountable under the hood, quiet, reliable, safe for the batteries. I leave them on year around on some of my cars and equipment and have never had a battery failure.
Purchased this to replace our old charger at work, this new one charges a dead battery to full charge in just a couple hrs! Great charger at even better price! A good buy!
I purchased this for my motorcycle because of all the digital stuff, alarms etc that seem to drain the battery. It was a little larger than I expected but I did manage to get it hidden on the bike and it works well, no more getting ready to go for a ride just to find a dead battery....I like it
This little charged mounted under the hood in aseldom drove vehicle and it has maintained thebattery perfectly. Before this I would have tojump start or charged the batteries. Thislittle guy has eliminated that problem. Ithas been installed a few months now andno problems. Would recommend
Plugged it into a less than one year old normally working automotive battery. After leaving it plugged in for 20 hours and over night temperatures of 7F the vehicle would crank but would not start. Hooked up a battery charger I know works, it reported that the battery was at 50%. After leaving the other brand battery charger hooked up for ten minutes the engine cranked and started.This is a common theme throughout the reviews for this product. Schumacher quality control must be extremely poor. The instructions alluded to the distinct possibility that this unit might be DOA. I will never buy a product from this company again. It seems like sending junk out the door is A-OK with them.Pay for shipping to return this hunk of junk? And what about my time, installing, removing it and shipping it back?!Do not buy. Stay very far away unless you like playing the lottery to see if this product will work. I am glad I found out it didn't work before I went overseas for two months and came back home to a dead battery and a charger that was worthless.
like I was saying  I have 4 battery's in my probe and I have one on each it so easy u just plug it in and it dose the rest no more taking  a battery charger on and off every u time u need to charge your battery's love them love them
Installed easily. Didn't give it 5 stars as I won't know how well it works until I get back to the vehicle it is installed on - will be away for a few months. Person checking on it says it seems to be working fine.
Super little charger! I have a car I only drive during the spring and summer months. Fall and winter this charger keeps the battery in top shape..without worrying about overcharging! I bolted it down, near the battery. It just stays in the car! The charger has two colored LED's to let you know if it's charging or in "Float Mode", where it maintains a full charge. Shuts itself off when full charge is reached. Bottom line: It does exactly what it say's it does! Excellent product!
I am a Professional Electric Gate Installer. I use these in all my automatic battery powered gate installations because of it's size, cost, and reliability.
best charger for the price, mounted under hood of our trucks, waterproof, keeps batteries charged thru worst cold chicago winters outside. easy install, very quite, note Batteries must be charged before connecting, no trickle charger will charge a dead or low volt battery for you dummies,
Works great for battery in vehicle used for recreation that's not used often. It's nice to know that it will start when you decide to use it.
I have a number of vehicles that get little regular use, from farm equipment to collector cars. I have been looking for a charger like this for a long time. The charger mounted very neatly near the battery on one antique car and looks like it could have been factory installed. Easy to connect without having to move separate battery chargers on and off the shelf. I have had it about a month and if it continues to perform well, I plan on buying several more.
great item at a fair price would buy from again, thanks&#34;Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety&#34; Ben Franklin
These are very well made maintainers and are set up to protect from electrolisis because it will not work unless both common and ground are connected. Will not work with hot and common only. needs all three.
I just received this item yesterday for my 12V Marine Battery on my boat, and I installed it today in less than 5 minutes. I placed this inside the battery box, on top of the battery, and with the included L bracket, and screws, it can sit on top of the battery, and it's held in place by the L bracket (placed in between the battery and the battery box). I didn't have to actually install it onto the battery or box for it to sit without movement. The ring connections (as pictured) were a little large for the screw terminals on my battery, but tightened down properly they still made good, soild, tight contact, and work just fine. I plugged this right into a 50ft extension cord that I run out of my garage, and over to where I park my boat, and it powered right on, and started charging. Other reviewers say that it's loud, but I couldn't hear anything until I put my ear to within 6 inches of the charger. VERY quiet. I also tested the ability to store it in the battery box in the configuration I said about before, and it fits just fine. When I unplug the charger, and lay the power cord on top of the battery/charger, I can close the battery box, and it closes just perfectly with everything stored inside. I recommend this to anyone that doesn't want to have to lug around a battery charger everytime you need to charge your boat battery, this can install permanently near the battery, and all you have to do is run an extension cord to your boat, and plug it in. It's literally like plugging in your boat to charge it, and once your done, you can just tuck all the wiring inside your battery box, and head to the lake. Other reviewers complained about not having a 12 ft power cord, but if you're going to permanently mount this on a vehicle, or boat, or whatever, do you REALLY want to have to wind up, and store 12 ft of extra cable SOMEWHERE on your vehicle, boat, mower, or ATV? That's alot of cable to have to stash somewhere, especially when there really isn't much room on a boat, Mower, or ATV TO stash that much cable. I love it. It works perfectly, great/easy install, and I don't every have to move or reconfigure it if I don't want to. I recommend this to anyone looking for a compact, permanent install trickle charger.
Fits neatly in the battery box, cable dangles down below the turn signal.I don't drive my 80 series all that often and sometimes the battery gets low. Totally does the job.
We have these on construction equipment and it saves money in a big way.  If you keep the battery from going flat they last longer.
This product works extremely well and is extremely reliable. Anyone complaining about the short cord didn't do their homework. The pictures clearly illustrate a short cord. A 12 foot cord would be ridiculous on a car mountable charger. I like to use those 9 inch lighted extension cords sold atwalmart and Amazon.com, These give you a lighted indication of power when plugged in. My charger is under hood mounted and has seen over 110 degreeswhile running highway speeds and charging in summer heat. Frankly I'm amazed it still works 5 years later. I will buy another if it quits working.
Purchased for my son-in-law to install in his boat to maintain the boat battery while at dockside...Have one to maintain wife's car battery while away during winter months...This has performed well and has "alligator" type clamps for the battery terminals...The new model has circular terminal connectors that in this application are TOO LARGE for the boat's "accessory terminals"...We will have to modify the connectors to properly fit this batteries terminals...Have no doubts when the modification is complete the unit should perform as the manufacture states.
Schumacher SE-1-12S Fully Automatic Onboard Battery Charger - 1.5 AmpsI now have 6 of these chargers which maintain my collector cars' batteries over a 6-month winter season with no problems for the past 5 years.Amazon's 2-day shipping which arrived on a Sunday was a nice surprise.Great product & service....
I installed the charger into my zero-turn mower to keep the battery charged during the infrequent cutting schedule of the winter. Install was easily accomplished and thus far the unit has performed flawlessly.
I have had  one installed  on a 2001 Buick since  2005 because the battery is under the rear seat and is hard to put a battery charger on . Going to install these on my boat and my plow truck to save time not having to look for the charger and they work Great .
I haven't installed the ones I bought, but I have had others and they works great!  I will install these in the very near future.
So far so good.  I will have to see how long it holds up in my boat.
This is the second unit I have purchased. I had this hardwired in my 1983 Porsche for 10 years and it always kept my battery in top condition, I just bought a Ferrari and one of the first things I did was buy this and install it.This is a must have if you have a weekend only car.
I have several trickle chargers similar to this.  I use them mainly in the Winter, but also have one in a gas golf cart and a boat that stays at a campground in storage for weeks at a time sometimes.  At home I use them in lawn tractors and a bigger compact tractor in the Winter to keep the batteries topped off.  This one is similar in shape and design to the others I have but it weighs about 1/3 as much.  I was really surprised when I took it out of the packaging.  It doesn't look like it will break easily but there is something about it that just makes it feel kind of cheap.  That being said, I haven't used it long enough to really judge the reliability.  I hooked it up to a zero turn mower today and it seems to be working.  I'll update my review if there are any issues.The price was reasonable and I'll keep the unit.  But if I would have picked this one up in a store I would have probably passed and bought something that felt a little heftier.  I'm giving it 4 stars since it seems to be working fine and I like the mounting holes in this one.  I'm taking one star off because it just feels a little cheap.
I have two of these, both mounted on vehicles that are used only occasionally.  They work great and, contrary to some comments, they do not &#34;drain&#34; your battery if you leave the DC leads connected while the 110vac is unplugged
I commute via bicycle, and my truck has a farad capacitor on the stereo which has quite a parasitic drain on the battery.  So after getting tired of constantly having to jump the truck every time I wanted to drive, I got this unit and mounted it beside the battery.  Works great, battery is always charged.  I just wish the cord were longer so I could plug it in without having to raise the hood.  I'm trying to find a nice short extension cord for this purpose...
very good - does the job - only kind I ever bought but veyr happy with it  - now worry here
I have a 2000 F250 Diesel with two batteries we use as a plow truck. Between this and the block heater it always starts first crank
Works as advertised.  Easy installation.  May need to change terminal lugs to work correctly (depends on your battery terminals (screw in or clamp down).  Keeps my truck charged.  This is my second install of this product and I am ordering a third for another vehicle that doesn't get run very often.  Saves time on having to jump the vehicle or get out a battery charger and let it sit overnight.Just remember to disconnect the power to the unit before starting the vehicle.
Great charger,  very simple to install.  I used it for my 1992 K2590 diesel (dual battery) that didn't get much use to keep the batteries topped it.  Keep in mind this is a 1.5 Amp charger so it is slow, as designed.  Two complaints (doesn't change the rating as I was aware of these when I bought it) - Led indicator location and no quick disconnect on the wires to use clamps. I installed it under the hood and one of the batteries blocked the LEDs.  A second set on one of the long sides would have been nice.  The other improvement would be the quick connect to add clips for charging something else without having to remove this.
was as stated and could use a correct connector for ataching to battery for quick disconnect,there is a push together and pull apart plug that wouls make this product a 5 star item thanks for the great price.
I received this quickly.  I put one on my golf cart and one on the riding mower.  They have been working great the true test will be trying them out when it warms up.
Quality product. Small size allows easy permanent mount under hood. I have three of these units in use in Florida and Ohio homes. Never have to worry about coming home to dead battery!
The charger works great.  It is small & permanently connected to car - just plug in an electrical cord.  BUT the cords that connect to battery are too short.  There was no space within the cord length.  Had to put on my own cords.
The SE-1-12S his a handy little trickle charger that keeps my battery ready to go in a car that gets used infrequently.
Hooked it up to the battery in my truck and left it for a couple days.  Went to start my truck and it wouldn't start.  The charger drained my battery.  I cut the wires as I'm not going to keep jumping my truck every time I want to drive it somewhere.  It shouldn't drain your battery.
The product description indicates that this product comes with a 12 ft. power cord which is why I opted for this model.  Alas, I am now stuck with a 6 inch power cord.
I've a Lexus SUV as my spare car. I didn't drive it often so battery tend to get drained. With this unit plugged in, it fully charged the battery overnight.
Only had the produce a few months, but so far so good.  Using it to keep my stand-by generator battery charged.
Use it for charging my bike battery. Works as advertised, didn't have any problems setting up or charging my battery
This battery charger is installed under the hood of my 69 Chevrolet pickup along with an engine block heater.  Works great.
The charger was installed in a motor home to maintain a full charge in the house and starting batteries.  It has been installed about a month and maintains the batteries exactly as expected. Other reviews mention the oversize output lugs and the super short  power cord.  This wiring design is down right silly, but in my install I had an easy work around-- change the lugs. This lead issue prevent a five star rating. I have tried two other similar chargers and both did not function as described, and failed after less than a year of use. In my experience, reliaility of these type chargers is a real concern. Since this unit performs as specified and runs cool I have high hopes for its reliability.
This was exactly as described and installed effortlessly and has worked flawlessly!Am going to order another for my other vehicle that gets stored in the winter.
Item does as described. I use to charge A small battery bank, running 35 amps X 4. It charges and stops when done  and changes colors of lights. I use with A Seagate plug for A light  when the power goes.
I bouught two, one for the boat and one to keep an extra battery fresh. Seems to work fine, but they are a bit noisy. Otherwise, a good value for the price paid.
The only improvement this needs is to be water proof for use in a marine application. It works quite well as designed.
This is awesome device for trickled change your solar battery bank.I love this device. I wish I would have bought one with little bit higher amps.
One of the 2 units originally ordered was defective: simply did not charge at all, even though green light was on while connected (also confirmed with use of electric multi-meter).Post office Return label was very conveniently and easily provided via Amazon website and email: a replacement unit was mailed to me while defective was on weight back to them. No additional shipping charges. Replacement unit worked.These 2 Schumacher onboard chargers are on an older JD tractor with two 12v batteries in series, to keep them loaded during winter. After 1/2 day, now have both lights red and green on, indicating full charge has been reached. Diesel engine cranks right up in 35deg outdoors, even though no glow plugs.Update: the replacement unit of Nov 2011 gave up a while back as I discovered that the battery it was supposed to keep charged in the winter was not being charged. So I ordered a new one in Mar 2012 (I assumed it was no longer under warranty) but it arrived with an open package, and sure enough, it was not working either: the green power light was on, and so was the red one which is supposed to come on only when the battery is charged and the charger goes into work as needed. To make sure, I measured the voltage while connected on the battery: it was the same 11.5V with or without the charger connected to it.So I returned it immediately: that process was super easy, you print a UPS label for the box and drop the box in a UPS dropbox...the unit was replaced and I had it within only 6 days of my shipping back the bad one.This new one now works fine and shows about 1 V more when connected to the battery while charging.These units may not be consistently of quality, but the service of this vendor on returning and replacing these units is impeccable!So if you can wait a few days for a replacement unit, it is not too bad. The other unit I have had since Nov 2011 still works fine.
This charger keeps my Gran Torino fully charged and ready to fire up.  The only complaint I would have is that if you dont keep it plugged in to the wall it will drain the battery down after a few weeks.
This baby  charger  was hooked up under my little Tear Drop Trailer,  over a year ago and its still going strong...I seen them again during Christmas on sale at Amazon and bought two more,.... I recently mounted one on the garage wall with a 12 foot extension and adapted some alligator clips (also bought on amazon as a kit) to take care of my old 1949 Chevrolet..... I mailed the other one to my brother as a gift (he also has an old car) and  loves it as well...Recommended to anybody.............. ..
Big fan of this little device. My wife's 2006 Range Rover tends to lose its battery if the weather drops below freezing overnight. This device won't bring our battery back from the dead, but it will keep it alive if I plug it in before retiring for the evening. Super satisfied with this little problem-solver.
Best 1.5 - 2 amp charger I've owned to date. Been running it hard for months to keep a very active scissor lift battery charged up. Very impressive.
This is an excellent product for a car that receives sporadic use.  It's intended to be mounted in the car (or, more frequently, boat), but can be mounted in the garage and run via jumper cables.  I have one in a garage with jumper cable clamps and in another garage I'm using the manufacturer's battery temrinal conncetors with a quick release connector.  Both required elementary modification to their wiring, but the resulting installations work perfectly.
Very useful charger. I mounted it in the engine bay near the battery and it works as intended.Only downside to this charger is the length of the plug cord. It worked well for my application though because i mounted it in tandem with a flush-mount sealed power port on the side of the vehicle.It allowed my battery to remain topped up and warm enough to start at 35 below zero like it was no big deal.I will be ordering a second for an other vehicle.
Worked super easy and fast set up.  Did exactly what it was supposed to do and powers my driveway gate perfectly.
Shipped quickly, flawless transaction.  Charger works great and is currently hooked up, but we will see if it really worked this spring when we put the battery back in our Airstream and start it up!
Product made a continuous loud noise when plugged into wall. After various checks and attempts including "charging" for over a week, car battery still dead. Since we did not give up on it until after 30 days, we tossed it in garbage rather than attempting to return product with restocking charge and shipping costs.
We used a lot of this kind of charger for our equipments. The price is good. The price went up a little from what I bought though.
I have one of these on every vehicle. Keeps the batteries charged throughout the winter as extreme cold drains batteries. I just wished it had a longer cord as I have to raise the hood to plug it in every time. I added an extension cord to my truck so I wouldn't have to open the hood, but having a longer cord is a no brainer -Schumacher.
Item arrived quickly, easy to install and keeps the battery charged up all the time on my long term storage vehicles.
These are the best battery maintainers I've ever had the pleasure to use. I have three of them and they all work like champs. They have a simple job to do and they do it well and reliably.
Easy to install, simple operation, great value for the price. Installed it on my pontoon boat, so I never have to worry about my battery when I want to go out on it.
Ive owned this battery maintainer for 2 years now and it works great still. Keeps my deisel tractor battery up to charge in the cold north winters.
Now the proud owner of two of these little guys--and I think the problem of dead batteries in infrequently driven cars is a thing of the past.  Easy to install, seem to work just fine, definitely seem to maintain battery charge.  Should have done this long ago.  Highly recommended if you have auto(s) you drive infrequently, and find battery weak or dead every time you get the urge.  Lots of mounting possibilities depending on specific application:  included bracket, velcro, zip ties, or a combination.  Takes the average slightly mechanically adept person maybe 20-30 minutes.  For safety, read the directions first.
Does exactly what it says it does, and reliably.But keep in mind, with an output of 12.5v/1.5A, it is strictly a battery maintainer, not a charger.
This trickle charger is exactly what I was looking for. I keep it attached to my travel trailer batteries when it is not in use, and it keeps my batteries charged and in good shape.Thanks!
It took about 40 minutes to install this charger next to my battery on my car. We don't drive this one as much anymore.Just a few hours on charge makes for a happy battery!
have this permanently hooked up to my car battery.  when car sits long time, I just plug it in and works perfect.  have 1 for each car, never fails.
I have used this charger for many years. In fact, I installed a charger in each of three vehicles. Attach it to a panel near the battery, and you need only to plug in (and unplug) a power source.
I bought this little battery charger for my riding lawn mower. The battery on this mower is a bugger to get out of it's chamber. I hooked the battery charger up and basically forgot about it all winter except to check it about once a month. This last spring, I changed the oil, filter,sharpened blades etc. and removed the charger. The tractor started on the first turn over and away I went!
Said it was used but came in original pack (never opened) just the plastic was crimped in one corner.. way better than spending all that money on Battery Tender...
have only had it about  1 month so cannot comment how it will perform  over extended winter period. ( On a 2001 Corvette  in storage). Previous &#34; no name charger &#34;  failed and cost me a new battery.
I have two on these in use on cars stored here at home, just purchased a third charger for the chassis/starter batteries in my Motorhome. It is also parked at home when not in use. I had an older maintenance charger but it finally quit. Just make sure the batteries are fully charged when you put one in service. Like them a lot, would and have recommend.
Got this for our conversion Van (puppymobile).  We don't get to use this traveling motel as often as we'd like, so we stuck one of these on it and the battery is always fresh when I go to start it every month or two.  Saves so much irritation & frustration.  One of the most return on my investment for my personal aura that I've had for a long time!
I purchased this as a replacement for one that had been damaged after a few years of use.  Upon delivery I converted the charging leads to a connector that worked with the existing system.  If functions better than the one I had as this had a longer 12v cable than my original one.
Bought one for my car about four years ago. Still using it so got one for my riding mower. Mounted it on the mower so I just plug in, which is great in the cooler months.  I'm in south Louisiana and still have to mow in late November but infrequently, so this keeps it fully charged.  I've had the one o. The mower for a couple seasons now and it's still ticking away.
Good product.  4 stars b/c the manual is misleading.  There is a table that tells you what the lights mean, but it is hard to understand.  I'll translate: If top light is green and bottom if off, the battery is charging.  If the top light is green and the bottom light is red, you battery is charged.  If the top light is off, then the unit isn't getting power from the wall.  Funny how this crucial info is so messed up in the instructions.  Happy charging!
I ordered this beacuse i wanted to mount unit in my truck I dont use that much. When it came in it does not have mount and never was intended to mount. It has the same model # as advertised but a complete differant style as in photo and description. I sent it back and bought one from local parts store.
Fantastic little charger!  I've installed 8 of these, has performed everywhere I've installed it. The best, lightest little charger I have used
I bought this to maintain a battery in a "farm truck" and it has worked perfectly for 2 years and still going strong. This is kept under the hood, with the power cable sticking out from the grille and is constantly subjected to moisture, extreme heat and dirt, and keeps on happily charging. Built extremely well.Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for a cheap, maintenance(READ: Trickle) charger. It's definitely not going to jumpstart a dead battery, but it's not made to do so.
I purchased this maintainer to keep the battery on my secondary vehicle topped off, as it is not a daily driver and it has quite a high parasitic electrical load due to the car alarm (even with a brand new battery, if I don't drive it for about a week in the winter time, it's probably gonna need a jump.)My plan was to mount the charger in the engine bay and leave it permanently connected to the battery so that I could run an extension cord over to the car and plug it in order to maintain the battery between drives.From the description given on the product page, this would seem to be a logical use for this item. However, the manual specifies that the vehicles negative & positive terminals should be DISCONNECTED from the battery when the unit is being used, which in my opinion kinda defeats the purpose of having a permanently mounted battery maintainer.I guess it makes sense, as anyone who has ever used a rapid charger knows you have to disconnect the battery or you risk damage to your electrical system and components (I had an idiot tech at a dealership fry a radio once because they didn't disconnect before charging me.) I just assumed from the description and the permanently installed nature that this unit was designed so disconnecting wouldn't be necessary.It's not a huge knock on the product, as it works great to recharge and maintain a starter battery. Just not much point in leaving it in there and having the excess weight to drag around and wires flopping loose in the bay if you're gonna have to get out the wrench and pull your terminals every time you use it anyway.Great product for a car in storage that isn't driven often. Not so useful for fighting off of parasitic drain on a nightly basis.The other thing buyers might want to be aware of is that this maintainer is meant for smaller starter type batteries only, and NOT deep cycle batteries as the description suggests.This model IS capable of "maintaining" deep cycle batteries IF they are FULLY charged to begin with, but the manual clearly states a deep cycle battery should NEVER be charged with this maintainer, as the battery will be damaged and loose storage capacity if "charged."All-in-all a good little maintainer, but the product description needs some clarifications to bring it inline with what is stated in the manual so potential buyers will be fully aware if this model fits their needs before they purchase it.
Mounted to the wall to charge aux batteries for my deer feeders, and accessory batteries for my golf cart. Doesn't break any speed records, but it works great and is nice and small.if you have a golf cart, this is perfect to mount to the batteries to charge your aux batteries (if you have any, which i recommend).
I have a classic car that I do not drive very often and by installing this device, the battery stays fully charged and ready for use whenever I want to use the car. During the winter months I do not drive the car at all because of the snow depth and salt on the roadways, about 8-9 months each year. When I want to start the engine to circulate the oil and fluids, it starts right up. I highly recommend this device.
I have a 2010 Ford Expedition that I only drive a couple times a month and I wanted to use this to maintain the battery between uses.  It needs a longer power cord and better mounting bracket and the battery connectors are oversized and need to be replaced before you can use them.
it worked
This is the third device of this type of charger that I have purchased.  I have several old cars that I drive very seldom and want to keep the batteries charged to prevent freezing & also want it to turn the engine over when I do want to drive it.  This unit appears to be the first one that actually does what it claims.  I'll buy a couple more of them.
My truck had a slow battery drain somewhere. I tried finding it and took it to a garage but no luck.In warmer weather I could go weeks and still start the truck but in the winter, if I didn't start it every several days, the battery was dead!So, I got in the habbit of hooking my wall charging unit up to the truck with the charger sitting uder the hood. I had to unplug it, disconnect the wires to the battery terminals and move it out from under the hood evertime I drove the truck.With this charger, I secured it with the bolts provided under the hood, connected the wires to the battery post and it sits there with no problems. When I want to drive the truck, I just unplug the charger and I'm ready to go. The connection from the charger to the battery post stays connected with out damaging the charger or the battery.
Works great to keep your battery topped off on cold winter nights, and for days of long storage. Instead of dragging out your conventional charger and cables, then putting everything away when finished! Just mount this small unit under your hood, plug in a small AC extension cord, and close the hood. (not affecting alarm operation). It can charge a dead battery (not recommended) but it can take 24 to 36 hours.
This the second unit I have purchased for installation on my vehicles. The battery monitor continually charges the battery when needed and you avoid the difficulty of coming out to start your vehicle after sitting for a week or two and finding out the battery has gone dead due to it sitting for an extended amount of time. It is very easy to install and the plug allows you to have it ready to be energized when the vehicle is parked with access to an extension cord and electricity.
Be careful with this product.  It doesn't have a switch to distinguish between different battery types and killed the get battery in my truck.  I disconnected it and charged the battery and haven't had any issues since.  I would strongly recommend you get a batter tender that will do the trick much more safely and effectively.
THIS IS MY THIRD ONE FOR MY MOTORHOME.  I USE ONE ON THE VEHICLE BATTERY & TWO ON THE OTHER BACKUP BATTERIES.  THEY WORK GREAT.
this product is small and exactly what I needed to put on my truckand I'm thinking about buying another 1 for my lawn mower
When I received the charger I was surprised of the quality and well construction of the unit. I can use it for my garden tractor, my car, my farm tractor as well as my boat. It does a good job on all.
Good product. good seller. Works well. Its really nice to be able to just set it and forget it. I charge a large deep cycle RV battery, and a regular car battery just fine.
I needed this to charge my motorcycle battery. It worked perfectly, now they just need to make a smaller one so I can mount it onboard!
Got this for my garden tractor, that sits outside.you can leave it plugged it - it is a float chargerthat maintains the battery without boiling it dry.Mounted it next to the battery. Will get at leastone more, for the infrequently used car.
These are very convenient.  I have one installed on my tractor and one on my lawn mower.  All I have to do is run an extension cord to the charger and it will be ready to crank when I need it.
My truck would sit for weeks, and the battery would go flat.  You know, flattery of the battery.  So, I'd have to take the battery out, drag it upstairs (my parking is in a basement garage in my building), scrounge up a battery charger, charge it, and reverse the process.  Again and again.  The breakthrough came when I became aware that there was an electrical outlet in the garage.  Time to get serious.  I thoroughly studied Amazon's website for an appropriate charger, and decided on this little beauty.  It is designed to be permanently mounted in a vehicle (such as a hobby car that's rarely driven), or a boat, or a riding lawn mower, or you know whatever.  It is permanently wired to the battery, and merely plugged into to go to work.  It has a little computer which knows what to do, so it'll charge the battery, then switch to maintenance mode to sustain the charge, and it communicates it's behavior and the battery state of charge through LED lamps.  I installed this unit in my engine compartment, bolted to an inner fender panel, and indeed permanently wired it to my battery.  I don.t leave it perpetually active, but when the battery charge wanes, I just unreel an extension cord, plug it in, and in a few hours it's charged, and the LEDs tell me so.  This unit, so installed and so used, has completely gotten me off the hook for the flat battery travail.  It's quiet, it runs cool, and it does the job.  Honest, it's doubled the joy of the vehicle.  This story emphasizes one of the chief secondary merits of Amazon, which is research on their website, which is a wonder of practical  information.I  derived a wholly unknown comprehensive viewpoint thus, and finalized this knowledge by buying this unit, which was also very cheap.  It's a really neat addition to what is  truely my four-wheeled indulgence.
Easy install.  Works well for maintaining a battery while you're away.  The underhood plug-in allows you to leave the unit in your vehicle, sinply unplug the extension cord and close the hood and you're ready to go.
Having owned several boats and having dead batteries at the wrong times I purchased this charger and put it in the battery compartment of my boat.  When the boat is not in use or being stored I just hook up a extension cord to the charger and forget about it.  Solvers the problem.
The product shown is mounted with bent clamps that secure it with indentations located to the right on the "face " that is shown.The product received is mounted with two tabs that extend from the rear on the upper and lower sides of the charger.
A fine, no problem unit.  Much lighter in weight than earlier ones.  Otherwise unremarkable, but the indicator lights are an improvement over earlier models.
It is small, fully sealed, and works well. The price was very good and it arrived on time. It would be better if it had clip on instead of ring terminals.
Installed this under the hood of my 2003 GMC 2500HD to keep the battery charged. Truck kills batteries in 5-7 days since new. Dealer and GM could not find of fix this trouble and told me to &#34;drive it more often.&#34; This is my last GM product! Charger is easy to install and I ran the cord out of the grill so no need to open the hood every time I use it. NOw I have a fully charged battery no matter how often I drive the truck. Best $20 I have spent in a long time.
this unit is physically bigger then a Delron battery tender however it still easily fits into my battery case on my boat. the unit is quite simple to operate and has achieved its first charge of trolling motor battery without a hitch.I purchased  two of these and have converted one to a quick disconnect type charger so it can share duty between a riding mower and a motorcycle. My biggest complaint is these items were supposed to ship for free however when I checked out I got caught with a shipping fee and was not allowed to cancel the order.
Although this charger works as descibed, it does not come with the 12ft. power cord listed in the specifications. It should probably be listed with a 12" power cord. It is also very noisy for its size, hopefully that's normal? It does keep my BMW 740IL charged when it sit's for weeks at a time. That's impressive considering how BMW's are notorious for eating batteries when they sit!
I needed a trickle charger to keep my '92 Jeep Wrangler's battery ready to go, since I only drive it a few times a month.  Using a trickle charger is so much easier than disconnecting the terminals...
Works great, no problem to install.The original equipment came with this unit lasted eight years of heavy use. I'm sold.
If I'd known we'd had this kind of winter, the $100 deep cycle battery would've come inside for the winter.No way I'm going out there now.  But every time I check on it, it's pulsing away.If it doesn't work at first, not to worry - it takes a while it seems.  If fact, I thought mine was broken and had to re-start it after a day as I had no reading.
Works great easy instal keeps battery at peak when vehicle not used for extended time. one, two, three, four, five.
Not same unit Larger then photo and don't mount on fire wall as I wanted it to to much BS to return
I've got a 25-year-old Benz that over the last two years has developed an appetite for batteries.  Somewhere in my car is this little demon who couldn't be found by at least three mechanics and AAA but who within four days of inactivity will drain the battery.  The local Benz dealership said that it could take days of analysis to pinpoint the home of the demon (which could cost $125 x countless hours) or I could get a trickle charger (imagine, a Benz service specialist suggesting that!).  So I found the best one I could!  This is made to mount either directly onto the chassis of the car or onto this neat bracket that slips under the battery.  In my case because of the density of the area of the battery, neither would work.  But this charger is so small, that I was able to lodge it snugly into the cables and such so that it doesn't budge.  Too bad they don't provide a longer power cord --- I had to use a 6' extension which I cable-tied to 'stuff' out to the front bumper where I have a convenient port for attaching towing lines.  So now I plug in my car every time I come home.  If you do something similar, here's a hint:  Tie a red ribbon to the door handle or windshield or do something to remind you that the car is plugged in --- you don't want to drive off with the extension cord attached --- LOL!!!
Auto battery life can be significantly lengthened with the use of a trickle charger. Significantly. I put this one into my 4X4 to keep my Interstate battery at maximum readiness. This is a solid heavy duty device and is no toy. I mounted it securely under the hood next to the battery itself and have a heavy duty plug hanging down -- just behind the front bumper -- to connect up while out in the driveway. The lights/indicators on this model are very nice and it keeps my battery at full strength. If you have two vehicles (or more) and you don't drive one of them that often -- definitely get one of these. You will never have another "oh no" moment -- when turning that key in the morning. Highly recommended.
....This is my Second unit..I bought one last year just before a Very Cold Winter....These are Great units mounted in the Engine Compartment!!....
This charger is light and provides a good onboard charging package.  I reduced by one star because it is hard-wired and would better with plug connections that could be disconnected.  The bracket probably won't fit many batteries, but it is easy to mount flat on an inside panel.  I use it on a Polaris Ranger and would recommend it to others.
I use this on our motor home batteries while the motor home is in storage. Easy to install and use. Automatic shut off.
Product mounted in my engine compartment easily and works great.I am going to order a couple more for my Vehicles I use all winter.
I have a dedicated battery on my boat trailer for the winch!  This is perfect to keep it topped off through the winter and down time.  Easy to install and stabilize!
I bought one of these units to maintain the charge on the battery of one of my automobiles that I drive occasionally.  I foolishly came to depended on it to work properly.  It worked great for about 15 months then it died.  If you buy one of these, I believe it could make a great paper weight...just keep it away from your car.
Bought one of these for my utility trailer w/winch; liked it so well and it did such a great job, I purchased another for my Scag Turf Tiger to keep it's battery fully operational at all times. Will surely buy another when occasion arises.
It takes a while for them to charge my battery but it's water proof, easy to use and I know when the batterie is fully charged.
Good unit.  I use it to keep a battery for my winch fully charged.  Works well, low cost, highly recommended.
When I had cable, it as a great product. to be honest, I had trouble setting it up, but thats me, I have alzhimers.
works great as a maintainer charger. we use this a night when our generator is running. and the solar panel is off because of no sun. so far so good.
Very convenient and easily installed battery charger for my 1996 Porsche Carrera when the car would not be driven for some time or stored in the garage for the winter - was very pleased with the cost and operation of this battery charger.
It was easy to install and worked great right out of the box.  Still working great. I will buy another when the need arises.
This battery charger  does the job we needed it to do and the price was very fair.  What more is needed?
I bought this to charge a vehicle stored outdoor with an extension cable 25' from Schumacher that Amazon suggested. as frequently bought together..BUT  the charger  doesn't have a connector for the extension cord , just the  hardwire terminals.  Also the owners manual says do not expose to rain-  hard to thing of a rainier environment  than a vehicle driving at highway speeds in the rain and this is supposed to be  mounted under the hood, not totally out of the weather by any means. So I decided to put it on my tractor in the barn and  get an indooor charger from Schmacher for the outdoor vehicles
I purchased two of these to have on my diesel truck. I don't drive it much in the winter, so thought that every once in a while I'd charge up the batteries. Problem is, when these aren't plugged in, they back-drain and will eventually kill the batteries dead, causing them to freeze. $300 later, I have new batteries and I've removed both chargers. Don't know if I'll get any money back, but it's worth a try. Don't buy unless you plan to have plugged in quite regularly.
Wires screw on battery terminal. Plug in and let it work with signal lights indicating what's going on at the moment. Red light, green light or both. Simple.
One month so far. Keeps my truck battery charged. Truck starts great. Used velcro to secure to battery. Used in very cold temperature with no damage to battery.
Excellent price and not too bulky for on board installation.A choice item when considering replacement where space is being considered
I tried to use this on my automatic generator. When the generator starts, the charger quits charging and indicates a bad battery.
This trickle charger is the first one I have used that does not slowly boil out the water.  I use it on my lawnmower and it keeps the charge full up so the engine starts easily.  I can't ask for any more than that.
Schumacher SE-1-12S Fully Automatic Onboard Battery Charger - 1.5 AmpsUsed for emergency generator. No more overcharged or dead batteries.
This charger has been maintaining my car since the day i bought it, i plug my car in most every night to keep my system topped off, and it doesnt dissapoint.I have a Kinetic HC 1800 up front, and a pair of Kinetic HC 800's in the back, and my voltage after being fully charged, while still on the charger, is around 13.5- 13.7 usually (even in winter).Note, this is more of a maintainer/trickle charger, as it is only 1.5 amps. A typical car battery is ~80 amp/hr.If you completely drain your battery, it will take more than just overnight to charge it.This charger is also not quite enough to support the car when in &#34;ACC&#34;.I wish they had a 10amp version.But, given its limitations, it is a valuable asset. I am glad i purchased it.
Recently I'd purchased a Schumacher Fully Automatic Battery Charger for use on my four wheeler ATV that doesn't get much action in the winter time.  The specs of this particular model, the SE-1-12S, sounded exactly what I was looking for and was up for the task.  It came with all the necessary hardware and installation was simeple and straight forward.  Overall the install took about 20mins as I made it a permanent install.  If I didn't know any better I'd say it looks like it came from the factory that way.Overall it's an excellent unit that's sized just right for ATVs/UTVs/and garden tractors alike.  Installation was simple even if you're a beginner.
I installed this charger on my pontoon boat down at the boathouse several months ago. Keeps the battery charged and ready for use. No problems with it yet.
I've had this charger for a long time, ten years or more?  It's worked great for me on motorcycle and snowmobile batteries.  The low charge rate and automatic shutoff does not boil the water out of a small battery like a larger charger or a manual charger can.  It also works OK for topping off car, truck and deep cycle boat batteries too if you can leave the charger connected for a day or more.I added my own quick connector by attaching a standard two wire trailer connector to the output leads.  I made a number of matching wireing harnesses that stay on the motorcycle and snowmobile batteries.  To avoid any unintended shorts, be certain that the exposed side of the connector left on the battery is connected to the ground terminal on the battery.  The harness is long enough that I can connect the charger without removing the seat on the motorcycle.  I also made an extra harness with alligator clips to attach the charger to an automotive battery.The charger has taken a beating from falls, but it still works well.  The plastic case has cracked and is taped up with electrical tape.  The 6 inch input cord has pulled loose of its protector too.This charger costs nearly as much as a 6 amp automatic charger, but it is ideally suited for small batteries.  If this one ever quits I'd buy another one.
I bought two of these, one to use on a riding lawnmower and another to use on a Chevy van.  They do not work.  They apply a high 15 volts for a couple of hours then shut off and do not charge any move.  Complete waste of money.  I waited too long to return them, they will go in the trash.  Don't waste your money.
Worked awesome. Def a must have if you have a car that's stored or draining probs. I got that fixed but still glad I bought this item. Took a couple seconds to hook up and it immediately worked.
Used this for keeping the battery charged on my 2003 Hummer H2 (don't drive it much anymore). Mounted underhood to the ECM plastic cover and this allowed the AC cord to poke out into the drivers side wheelwell. Pull in the garage and just plug it in, don't even need to open the hood! Keeps the battery ready any time I need to drive it. Perfect!
THE sCHUMACHER BATTERY CHARGER IS THE 3rd ONE I PURCHASED AND I REALLY DO LIKE THEM BECAUSE I PUT THEM ON THREE CLASSICS CARS I HAVE.I SOME TIMES DO NOT START THEM FOR ATE LEAST 3 TO 5 MONTHS;BUT  WHEN I DO RUN THEM I HAVE NO PROBLEM STARTING THEM UP.THESE CHARGERS ARE VERY GOOD AND DEPENDABLE.I WOULS HAVE MORE IF I NEEDED THEM.
Product works as stated.  A bit of a pain to install with tight quarters in battery area.  Helps hold battery charge.
This charger takes care of my ATV while not in use. It does what is says it will, charges battery and goes to standby and recharges as needed.
I bought this to save and extend the life of the battery in my pickup truck.I live just outside of a very small town,about a mile and a half.A trip to town,a couple of stop(Post Office,grocery store,gas station)and back home,and I've started the engine three or four time and only put on as many miles.Not enough engine running time to re-charge the battery.After many times of not being able to start my truck and having to use a booster charger to start the truck,I finally needed a new battery.I hope this little charger will prevent this from happening again.(I will update if it fails).My only beef is the short power cord.I needed to buy a short heavy duty extension cord so as to be able to plug it in without having to open the hood each time.
WORKED GREAT AND SUPER FAST SHIPPING. BOUGHT 3 OF THEM FOR ALL MY CARS. VERY EASY INSTALL AND WILL SAVE ON BATTERIES THROUGH THE YEARS
I bought this battery tender for my Lincoln Blackwood. I don't drive it much and that fact alone took its toll on my battery. I had to buy a new battery for my truck because the old one would not hold a charge anymore. I found a place to mount this so the cord can be plugged in from under the truck. I liked it so much i bought a second one for my boat... plug it in and forget it!(you can buy this charger locally but you will pay a lot more for it... plus tax!)
so far its great, it holds a steady HI charge for a while to help cure the battery then it drops down in voltage to maintain it.
I had tried to use a solar charger for my Tundra, but after having it plugged in for a month, nothing happened.  So I got this little charger, hooked it up, and within two hours the battery was all charged up.  It was easy to install next to the battery, add an extension cord, and keep it plugged in.  Now I don't have to worry if my truck will start, I just unplug and go.  Recommended.
This is the second one I've purchased. Keeps battery fully charged in extreme cold temps. EASY TO USE. Great to have in every vehicle.
The item arrived in a very timely manner and was packaged well with no damage during shipment.  The bracket that came with the charger allowed installation according to my needs (it was not installed in a vehicle) which is to keep a small 12v battery fully charged at all times.  It is not necessary to disconnect the charger from the battery when the battery reaches full charge.  Also, the small size is a plus which allows installation just about anywhere.
I have installed this on my portable diesel generator. It does not have a pull start, only battery, so it needs to be reliably maintained. So far so good. I like that it is a sealed design. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because, like others have mentioned, it has a LOUD 60hz hum. If you can live with that, its perfect.
I built a back-up power source using a set of four golf cart batteries in a series / parallel configuration to provide 12 volts with over 400 AH in storage capacity. I wanted a maintenance charger that I could leave on all the time to keep the batteries topped off.  I was a little concerned that at 1.5 amp capacity, this charger might not have the muscle to do it. I don't need the charger to bring the batteries up from a deep discharge - I have a 30 amp clamp-on charger for that, I just need them kept up between usage events and this little charger does the job great. It has a small form factor and is designed to be permanently installed and hard-wired; exactly what I wanted.  My only nit, just for the sake of having a one, is that the ring lugs on the charging leads are a bit chintzy.  I'm not concerned about it, if they give me any trouble it'll be a simple matter to replace them with crimp-on lugs.
I've had my Schumacher SE-1-12S / 1.5 amp battery charger for several years now with no issues or complaints what-so-ever. In fact, I have several for all my vehicles, including my Motorcycle. First off, they are one of the best chargers out there. Durable and resistant to all weather conditions. Hook up is easy and with this model, you can permanantly mount it to battery, fender,or firewall. Keeps battery charged at around 13 volts. Automatic float charge when battery is full. Schumacher has several models of this type charger. I have used them all w/ the same results: Best product for the money. Recommend this model and all Schumacher battery chargers and products. 5-Stars!!!
I can't be happier with this battery tender. My truck has a slow power drain that I just can't find, so this 1.5 amp charger keeps the battery charged up.The unit is a little BIG to mount in the engine compartment of most of todays vehicles so I had to be creative.The power cord could have been a little longer.
We are using it to trickle charge our auxiliary battery on our pontoon.  So far it has worked great and haven't had an issue with a dead battery  yet!
the charger is gr8 but the packaging realy bad as very very diff 2 open an cut 3 fingers doing it plus 1 finger bad enuff 2 bleed over  an hour!!!!!!!!- would order 2 more but 4 get it- With UPS an pkging !!!!!!!!!
I purchased 3 of these units and two of them went bad within a year.  I use them to maintain small tractor batteries.I have another unit offered by this company that is not sealed that one seems to work well.
Unlike some of the other reviews I've read I found the lights on the charger pretty easy to understand.  They have 6 lines of text right on the charger explaining them.  I use it to maintain my truck, combined with KATS engine and battery heaters so I never have to wonder if my truck will start at -40 in January in Idaho.  Good product
I bought this to charge and float charge the battery in my slide in camper but it is not made for deep cycle batteries. Insted of returning it I am going to wire it into my Dodge Piuckup for when it gets down to-20.
I have a 1980 MGB Sports Car that is not driven in the winter.  And it is only driven when it is top down weather.  It's my toy.  This trickle charger was easy to mount near the battery and has worked fine.  Have rigged a permanent extension cord (heavy duty for weather protection of thick covering insulation) to just plug charger in when I leave car.
Am going on my second winter using this for my 85 Vette which will discharge a battery after 30 days. Problem solved - just go out and turn the key anytime - instant start (don't forget to unlug the unit as required). It mounted easily under the hood - no problem. Nice to have a product that does what is advertised!
Replacement rubber seal caps made for the Hopkins 48595 4-wire flat vehicle end wiring harness mounting bracket that secures your harness to your vehicle in a nice clean way so it dont just hang down making it prone to pre-mature failure and look bad!
These fit right on my headache rack, so I can remove it and cover the exposed plugs, water will corrode anything.
fit nicely over my flat 4 trailer wire harness and cheaper than at the local parts store. happy with them
Great for keeping out dust and dirt from your wiring harness on your trailers or other items that you towl
This worked great keep my connection cleaned. It just hooked on and flip the cover on, i use it for Hopkins 48595 4 wire flat mount braket and connector.
These covers work well to cover 4-wire flats from dust, but don't expect them to keep water out or prevent oxidation of the contacts: be sure to use electrical contact grease to further protect the contacts.  The rubber is appropriately flexible in varying temperatures.
these seem more pliable and a little deeper so the entire connector is protected better thaan the OE that came with my truck
These dust covers work great.I replaced the broken cover on the hitch of my Mitsubishi Montero Sport.The lube that is included is a nice touch.
Not a whole lot to say, but these things are woth there weight in gold when it comes to keeping your trailer wire harness posts from rusting. Very cheap and highly recommended
These fit perfectly and are easy to use and keep your connector clean and dry when not in use.  Great buy.
Looks good, fits well. I think it will keep the plug for my trailer dry and clean. Looks well made
I travel dirt roads alot and I really like the fact the the contacts for my boat hookup stays clean
My original Dust covers fell apart over time and needed replacement.  These are well made, appear to be very durable.  The included grease was a very nice (and needed) addition.
After looking all over to find them, these are just what I was looking for. They fit and work just fine.
very useful since I also bought the 4 way splitter connector also and they would protect all unused connectors till needed.
As expected
These little covers fit perfectly. It is a great replacement to the attached one I originally had. The pair of them are exactly the same...but have been engineered to fit either the "tow vehicle" plug or the "trailer" plug. So if you need to repetitively replace just one of these covers, or have a series of trailers that need them, none of the covers are wasted.
Good to keep on hand when the other one goes, or install if you don't have one.  Add it to an order.
comes in a pack of 2.  and unlike the Valley 52040 Plug Protector, the picture in this is right.  this is for the plastic cap for the wire plug to keep crap out of the plug.  even comes with electrical contact grease.
Very satisfied
If you want to get the most out of your towing lights harness or you truck harness you need these covers...I will never again go without this product...fit tight doesn't fall off with road vibration...Buy, Buy, Buy...
These worked great. They fit right in place and do not slip. They keep out everything. I have not had a good rain so i can't say if it will contain water or liquids but everything else fine.
Caps fit nicely to protect the splitter connection. I would recommend them to anyone that wants to protect the adapter.
Works as advertised.Keeps the connectors dry and clean.Easy to put on and take off.Safety strap keeps them where you need them.
These work perfectly on both ends of the connection for my motorhome and trailer.  They protect the contacts very well.  I highly recommend them.
The plastic is a semi soft quality. so its very pliable and seems as though it would last along time without getting brittle.
Works great. just as advertised ...need more words for this.. what else can you say about a dam plug cover? BUY IT
Can't beat the price for an item that will keep the corrosion off of my plug.Well worth not having to clean the plug every time I go to use it.
all is good with these covers
This is a very good product however I didn't need it since one came with the other clamp bracket that I purchased
The trailer harness kept getting clogged with dirt and debris when sitting in the yard.  The connection would most times wind up on the ground and need cleaning or blast of air to clean.  Great product I wish I could have found in stores.
The cover does not make a complete seal with the plug. I wouldn't recommend this if you need to keep the water out.Also, the retaining strap broke while trying to attach one of them to my harness plug.
These dust covers are for four-pin flat trailer light connectors.  They do a good job of keeping dust, dirt, and moisture out of the vehicle-side terminal.  Two dust covers come in the package, along with a small measure of grease to help prevent corrosion.Not much can be said about a product like this, but they are of good quality and have held up over time in the weather and wear and tear.  The fit is good and they never come loose from vibration, even on rough roads.  I appreciate the small tube of grease that comes with them.  I reckon they could still be less expensive than they are, but represent cheap insurance even so.I recommend these to prolong the life and effectiveness of your flat connector, especially if your vehicle spends time on dirt roads or backs boat trailers into the water.
Works as advertised. Good quality. Not sure what else needs to be said about this. Does what I needed it to.
Good way to cover those vulnerable connectors for my trailer.  Works perfectly for the 4-pole connector and should keep problems away.
A very basic, simple product that is nonetheless quite valuable for maintaining the integrity of wiring connectors. Don't leave home without it.........
A good product, fits securely and will do the job nicely. Only thing I would say the round ring could be a little snug.  But it's not a issue, have no doubt it will stay where it needs to.
Cleaned my connections well before applying the goop (looks like petroleum jelly and might be). Slipped the covers on and always have a good connection. Worth the money to me.
Cheap great item that works well. Use it on my boat trailer and utility trailer.  Keeps connectors clean and reduced corrosion
These were exactly what I needed to cover my trailer plug. The contacts corrode slowly over time and I wanted to cover them while the trailer is just sitting around. (most of the time) These fit perfectly and are doing the job.
2 thumbs up! Went out and placed one on my trailer 4wire lead and it fit perfect. Would buy again
A very nice additon to the wiring set up and bracket.  The di-electric was an added bonus.  Made the whole set up look like it came with the truck.
They keep the contacts clean and lubricated however they are both the same and not a matched pair for vehicle and trailer.
The 4Wire Flat Replacement Dust Covers help keep the ends clean from road dirt.
... About a simple product that does exactly what it is advertised to do and includes one of the extras you need but typically don't have....
I did not receive an arco  product. When I connected this onto my boat engine it did not work. I got a real arco from a store and that one worked fine.
This is a great product! It is if I had a set of headlights in the rear of my car.
They dont light up as well as I expected for 50 watts, but easily twice as brite as my stock lights. water can get in through the heat vent and ruin the light. It's a sealed unit, cant repair
hope durability is not an issue as gravel and rocks could likely hit housing on country travel roadsvery bright easy to mountseems to be a good value
Light Kit provides easy hookup to existing backup wiring to provide the extra backup lighting I needed. Lights are exceptionally bright .
totally easy to install.... not that much help with the amount of light they give off...they do help but i was lookin for headlight power out of them....ease of intallation = 5, light quality = 3.5/4, overall 4, could be the window tint is the problem but that's why i bought them in the first place....on street with no light or out in the woods..im sure they'll be better...
They aren't the brightest 55 watt bulbs out there because they use H3 bulbs, they just don't put out that much. But these lights put out plenty to flood the area behind the car. So don't have any doubts on that. And yes the output is a flood light. I added pictures above to the product to help show that they are. The kit comes with a wire harness, 2 lights, and 4 big zipties. They zipties are definitely big and I didn't have issue using them to attach to my hitch. I'm running these lights off a relay. One not they do have a little drain on the bottom but even with it facing backwards, I haven't had any moisture problems in the past 3/4 year.
This is a fantastic light.  I have a pair which was installed on my Exmark mower when I bought the mower.  It is so nice to be able to have lights if I need to mow after work and it is getting dark.  These lights help me finsh up in the dark.  They worked great right until a tree lim look out the lense.  I looked all over to replace my broken bulbs.  These are the same bulbs which were sold by Exmark without having to buy a whole new Exmark light kit for hundreds of dollars.
Really cleans well. Water line came right off the side of the boat with minimal effort. Smells good also. Great value for the money.
I fish salt water and boat gets really dirty.  This wash really cuts the grime.  I recommend.
Excellent results with washing my PWC.
Showed up quick and works great
bought 5 of these to keep in the boat.Does not take much to wash entire boat, one bucket full of waterneeds only a few tablespoons to foam up nicely, does not leave streaks,dries nicely.
Was excited to try this product and was very disappointed with it ... They say long lasting suds.. Well lucky if suds last 5 minutes .. It's a poor cleaner as well.. Will be trashing rest of bottle and buying orapine...
This switch works as it should.  It has a good solid feel to it and it has not failed since it was installed.
Great product, expcet it doesnt come with anything to keep it in place, so i grabbed a nut a bolt from home depot to keep it in. Other then that great product, goes well with the chrome detail on my RAM, love it
This Tow Hitch Cover is nice, it looks a lot better than an empty spot on my Ram. Overall I like the product, no complaints other than it's Made in China (what isn't these days). Comes in pieces (some assembly required), not to difficult though. The main reason why I did not give this product 5 Stars, is this product was NOT Made in USA.Pros:-Fits Well-Looks Nice-Simple to AssembleCons:-Made in China
For the price you can not beat this thing!! Nice, shiny chrome instead of a black trailer hitch hole. Much better price than I could find at any retailers.
Looks great on my 87 Dodge ram. highly recommend this to anyone who has a dodge truck. great product to have
It fits both one and a half and two inch hitchs. Face is all metal and triple chrome plated,BEAUTIFULIt far exceeds the cheeper plastic cover it replaced. I'm very happy with it but order a reveiver lock pin to keep it from being stolen.EXCELLENT PRODUCT, and I recommend for your RAM.
The face on the hitch cover is metal.  The rest is a cheap plastic.  The first cold night the plastic fell apart. Save your money!
I like the look of this hitch cover on my 2012 Ram 1500.  It keeps it shine and is not too big nor is it too small.  Just the right size.  I was a little disappointed that the piece the cover attaches to is plastic.  Not sure how well it will last.  Also it is not a secure fit into the hitch hole but it does not rattle around.  With all that said, I am glad I bought this and would buy it again.
I am a RAM fan of the worst order.  I saw the hitch cover and knew this had to have a place on our truck. It looks great. The price was right. So  far nobody has ripped it off like I expected. Maybe they will take the whole great looking truck. I think it makes the ride better.
Really adds a finish to the hitch and provides protection to the hitch hole. The chrome appearance gives it pizzazz...Excellent purchase!
Only thing I disliked was the rear mounting support was plastic instead of metal. But, unless someone rear-ends your truck, it will likely do its job for a very long time. Already washed the truck and it cleaned perfectly and shines great.
This splitter works as advertised.  It has a red LED light that turns on when you plug it in.  Great for older cars that don't have multiple outlets in a vehicle.  It charges my Tomtom GPS just fine.  The cord length is about 1 foot long(including the split portion).  I couldn't ask for more for this price.  It uses and internal amp that splits the 12v power.  The splitter feels pretty solid and well made.  I recommend this for anyone looking for a good splitter.
This is a very nice sturdy, dual car charger adapter. It seems to be made with good material that will hold together. Not had any problems with it so far.
The product works as you would expect, with one caveat.  There is a little wiggle room around the plug, at least in the outlet in my car, so that it is possible for the end of the plug to not make the correct contact.  Thankfully, the devices that I plug into it all have lights that indicate that they are getting power, so when I plug in the splitter, I just make sure that the lights are on.  I have had very occasional issues where if I shift around what's plugged into the splitter the plug on the splitter may shift out of position on the outlet, but this is pretty rare.  I've only used it in one car, so I don't know if the problem is from my outlet or from the plug on the splitter.  After trying four bulkier splitters that wouldn't fit in the small space around my outlet, I'm just glad to have a solution that works!
I've owned a few car Y-splitters in the past and this one is one of the best I've used. The wiring is thick and well shielded.  Overall construction is better than most I've seen.  It also doesn't wiggle it's way out of the car's socket over time like some accessories do.I appreciate the fact that it has a fuse. I presume that the fuse will work if there is a short or an overload but this has not been tested.Part of why I mention the fuse is that in the past I have had Y-splitters short and blow a fuse in my car.  If you don't know what's happening at first you will probably blow more than one fuse before realizing where the problem is.Great price for a truly excellent product.
These are very well made and feel very sturdy. In this day and age you may need something like this in your car to run your GPS, cell phone, MP3 player, etc. It's nice to be able to operate two items together.
Good luck trying to get anything to stay plugged in. The slightest movement causes my radar detector to lose power because it can't get good contact or stay plugged in. The same goes for my phone charger, so I know it's not an issue with the detector's plug. Cheaply made and flimsy. Buyer beware. You get what you pay for.
Great product for the price.  Its handy having the extensions on the sockets to plug into.
This by far is the best dual socket car charger adapter out there.  Pictures do not do this justice.  Fits tight into the car charger.  works great with my escort 8500 x 50 and P513 Droid X car charger from motorola.
some of the male plugs for cell phone, backup camera,radar detector, ipod, etc. might drop out of one of the sockets.  I usedelectrical tape to hold the fittings together.  Works for me.
REALLY heavy duty.  So solid, I thought there was a fit issue.  I needed to compress the guide pins to get in in the cars &#34;cigarette lighter&#34; jack.  BUT it is worth the investment and gives my GPS the needed extension.  I would recommend.
It is great, does the job it is suppose to do and was inexpensive.  Does not get hot and it allows my passengers to work on their computers in the back seat while I drive.  great item!
This is a great product. It is somewhat heavy duty. We have had it for several months, maybe a year now and it still functions perfectly. Seems very well built.
Heavy-duty Cigarette lighter extension. Feels and looks solid. Would recommend for any type of power-demanding application. Don't buy a flimsy product just because it is cheaper, this extension is well worth it.
Sure, the Vector VEC007 costs a little more than the flimsy, lower-rated 12 volt extension cords found on Amazon.But this cord is well worth its very reasonable price!If you want a sturdy, well made, coiled 12 volt extension cord, buy this one.
Good Quality, we use for various equipment. Would recommend to anyone. We keep several of these around at all times for our tech bench for testing purposes.
SAME AS THE OTHER REVIEWS, PIECE OF GARBAGE, TIP BROKE OFF, KEPT ON BLOWING FUSE ON UNIT, & THEN BLEW FUSE ON MY VEHICLE. BLUE LIGHT WAS TO BRIGHT WHILE DRIVING & I HAD TO COVER IT WITH TAPE, SO IT WOULD NOT SHINE WHILE DRIVING AT NIGHT.PURCHASED A CHEAPER UNIT FROM DIFFERENT MANUFACTURER & WORKING JUST FINE.
The tip of the plug broke and got stuck in the power outlet for me as well. Also it has a very bright blue LED that is way too bright for the inside of a vehicle at night.
Same issues as everyone else!  Thought it was just an anomaly until I read these reviews...tip broke off inside cigarrette lighter socket and was unusable after that!  VEC038 fuse blew also with only one phone charger inserted!
Very cheaply made, broke the first time we used it.  The part that goes in the cigarette lighter socket split apart when we tried to pull it out of the socket.
I BOUGHT THE FAN TO USE IN A TREE STAND WHILE HUNTING.  THE FAN SURGES )UP AND DOWN NOISE) IN THE LOW AND HIGH SPEED.
I live year-round on a boat in a mid-Atlantic marina without shade.  During the summer, interior temps soar into the 90s for weeks at a time; my 12,000 btu central air conditioning can't keep the salon below 83 degrees ... and last year's electric bills were staggering.Then I installed two Vector fans and they've got to be one of the absolute best investments I ever made.  Sure they're noisier than deluxe $90 "marine" 12v fans, but I've tried a handful of $70-$90 "cabin fans" and they're Pitiful compared to the Vector's performance.  The Vectors really WORK, move LOTS of air and slash cooling costs, which makes noise a non-issue for me (the fan's "noise" helps block out even noisier neighbors, especially late-night on party weekends :-)Highly, highly recommended ... I'm purchasing four more for the helm.
This is a well working fan.  I notice it runs a little faster when the engine is running, but even without, it puts out a good wind.  The controls are easy to use.  Good quality mounting hardware.  I would recommmend it to friends.
Got this fan today. Plugged it in. Tried all speeds. Put it back in the box. Will return it tomorrow. It moves a good amount of air but has a strange cycling/rhythmic rubbing noise that I can't get to go away. I wanted to use it at night but this odd noise would just irritate.
It was a great buy, the exact point between price and profit. It is very comfortable and resistant. I have not have pain in my back.
We purchased 2 of these to replace some non-folding seats on a Bass Raider mini pontoon boat. They feel very sturdy, appear to be very well made, and I couldn't be more pleased. The price with free shipping is unbeatable. I'm 6' tall and weigh between 180 and 190 and they are very comfortable even when staying on the water for 6-8 hours. Unlike the stock solid backed seats, the small holes in the back of these seats allow a breeze to blow through and keep you much cooler on hot days.
What a great decision I made when I ordered the "Wise Deluxe Fold Down" Boat Seat. The cushions are wonderful and are not cheap they are nice and thick. The chair sits great too real sturdy. I am a medium size person and it is perfect. I have it on a swivel mounted on my cooler. I have an inflatable with a trolling motor and this was the icing on the cake adding the seat. Very good quality the price Could NOT be beat. They beat the records in shipping it to me too. I really appreciate that with the big 4th of July coming up this weekend. I will be back to get another one for my passenger. Thank you very much for a great product Wise!
Used this to replace the broken seat on my Do All Clay pigeon thrower - mounting holes matched up great and is a lot more comfortable. The fold down feature and padded seat makes this a great choice.
After 22 seasons, I'm replacing my 1989 Jet Jon Boat.  I've just received three of these seats to put on my new boat.  The same seats in my old boat are still in great condition.  I highly recommend these Wise molded boat seats as durable, comfortable and stylish.
This is the second boat seat of this type I have purchased for use when I deer hunt. I cut a circle of plywood and attach the plywood circle to the bottle of a 5-gallon bucket. I attached the seat to the bucket using a swivel base which can be purchased on Amazon for about $10. I sit in comfort in my deer blind. The swivel base allows me to move right or left in silence. Works great for hunting.
Nice  density. very happy with the developments in the seating world.I like that my wife can slide it over to accommodate her arm length
I purchased these to install on my jon boat and I am very satisfied with my purchase.  For the price the quality is better than I expected and they have been durable thus far.  I would buy them again if I had a do over.
I was about 230 pounds at the time and all the cushions fell off 2 of these within a month or two of heavy use.
I have a small fishing boat, at first I used some office chair but later found these chairs and decided to purchase two of them. Had to buy the Attwood Boat Seat Swivel sold by Amazon. The quality of the chair is good; the fact that you can fold it makes it even better when storing your boat away. You get what you pay and these chairs are worth every penny.
Replaced my trailer bearings and these fit perfect and have been running smooth since! So much cheaper to do things yourself and it's not difficult. YouTube videos are very helpful if you don't know what you're doing. I didn't but I do now.
installed nicely and work just fine. the price was right.  the seal seemed a little light duty/cheap compared to the one i took out but it works so i cant complain too much.
The Fulton Wheel Bearing Kit fit perfectly and it looks like good quality. The package arrived with no parts missing which is always nice.
I was in a pinch, as I un-assembled the wheel and was all ready to install a new bearing when I discovered my 1&#34; bearings were not the right size.  Went to a couple of stores only to find that all that anyone carried was the 1&#34; bearings.  So I ordered these and they arrived on-time and fit perfectly.  As one other reviewer noted, they do not come pre-greased, but honestly I have never bought a set that was pre-greased.  Otherwise, they installed fine and seem to be working good.  I did finally put a proper bearing buddy on, so these bearings will hopefully last a few years.  Will be ordering 2 more for the other wheel and a spare.
Great quality bearings and seals that fit perfectly...no problem! They are shipped without being packed with grease, so have some on hand, ready for installation.
Got a trailer from a buddy for cheap that is on its last leg but still works fine.  The bearings, tires, on it all were shot.  I ordered a complete set of tires with rims from Amazon and also this bearing set.  Installation was very straight forward however I found that a 3 jaw puller was essential to completing the job and getting the old bearings off the axle.  The old bearing  If you are new to this you want to make sure you have the following:-3 jaw puller-Suitable bearing grease-Rubber (or plastic weighted deadblow) Mallet-Large screwdriver-Large adjustable wrench or socket that fits axle nutThe following are optional but very useful-Bearing Buddies (or other brand of grease-nipple bearing protectors)-Bearing Grease Packer (or you can just use your hands and some rubber gloves)..messy!
My only complaint is that the part that fits into the receiver is plastic and worse yet it's two pieces.  I really think that it could have been made of some cheap medal for not much more money and cheap metal doesn't get brittle in the cold.  Otherwise it's a very nice design and looks great on my F-150.
This item is pretty much what I was looking for. It looks good on my Ford Escape but just a tad bit larger than I had wanted.
I really like these hitch covers. They are easy to install and fit perfectly. I suggest the use of a locking hitch pin or a bolt with a self locking nut. My last one was stolen in just two days.
I was totally satisfied with the purchase of this product and the product itself. It is reasonably priced and is good quality material.
I bought this for my dad as a Christmas gift, which did arrive late. It took forever to ship and get to my house and arrived on the very last day that was estimated for delivery. When I got the hitch out of the box I was disappointed to say the least. The hitch did have the colors of the photo but, it came in a package that looked like the hitch part wasn't even attatched to the Ford sign. It looked incredably cheap and I was almost embarrassed to give it to my dad. Since it was so late I had to suck it up and do it anyway. I hope it holds up because my guess is it will only last about a month.
Great looking item. Ford emblem is chrome but the insert into the hitch is plastic. It came with 2 inserts for differant sized hitches.
The hitch cover fits well on my vehicle. It looks nice on the back of my vehicle. I would buy it again. It arrived quickly.
Nice and solid.  Looks good on the back of my Expedition. Fits snug in he hitch.  Would definitely recommend and would buy again.
... to fill a spot on the van rarely used.I like the blue oval. Nice logo. And it fills in the hole below the black bumper quite nicely. It's solidly constructed; comes with two sets of inserts so that it's universal for any common receiver; it lacks a cotter pin, but that ain't no biggie.It's totally unnecessary, of course -- a bee or a wasp ain't gonna make a hive in the receiver, but it bothered me.And it makes for another means of identifying the vehicle in a parking lot.
Works great  it what I wanted should made of metal not plastic but I have it it's mine I wil use it time
Good quality as befitting a Ford Truck. Well made. Solid metal - no plastic junk. I like it! Worth the money to cover up the receiver hitch. Logo is a perfect match for Ford's logo.
It is easy to assemble. I would prefer all metal parts but it looks great and the cost was right.
Great product.  Too bad I found the same thing by the same mfg for $7.00 less.....  Next time, I'll have to do a little more investigating before ordering.
Nice item, looked like new.
Very beautiful piece, its a new here in my country Brazil. Put a upgrade in my car. And lots of Ford's fans are looking for it.
This looks great on my new truck.  It does require some assembly and I had to do it twice to get it done right, but fits great afte assembled.
The hitch cover "slide in" part is plastic but fits snug and doesn't rattle. I've had metal ones that rattle. The logo part is metal and looks great. The price is much cheaper than most.
The Ford logo in itself is indeed metal.  The interchangeable size adapters are plastic, but they fit very well to the hitch cover.  The cover looks extremely good on the back of my F-150.  The best part is the foam inserts that fit on the back of the hitch cover to prevent rattling.  They work great.
I bought this for my husband.  Though it does not come with a pin like piece to hold it into place, he bought one and it looks great.  The item is exactly what the description stated
Not sure what item the one reviewer purchased but my bully ford hitch cover is too heavy to be plastic.  You can tell just in the weight that its die cast and durable.  Love mine!
This is my second one. I love em. They look good on my F-150. When I sold my old F-150 I could not get it off because key broke to lock. So I had to get another for my new F-150. Great product at a great price. I highly recommend this item to make your truck look good.
This is a 100% plastic item.  The description gives the "impression" it is metal.  The description states "Chrome" and "Die Cast".  I may or may not return the item.  I believe that it will break VERY easily!
It is better and more classy that a hitch cover advertising a dealership. It made a great Christmas gift for my dad.
Perfect
The insert package includes adaptors for both 1&#34; and 2&#34; receivers. It seems to be of good quality. It fits and looks good.
great lookin hitch cover. ford emblem is of good quality and looks fantastic on the hitch. but the part you actually insert into the hitch is made of plastic so idk how long that would actually hold up. didnt like that part so thats y 1 star was deducted
Master Lock has put together a nice lock set for your trailer hitches. Keyed alike and nothing fancy - it does the job and you won't be dissapointed knowing that the masters of locks will, and does, perform to quality standards.
This product fit what I was looking for.  It fits my hitch as well as my trailer perfectly.  The key is easy to use and the receiver is easy to remove and attach.  No nonsense product, solid craftmanship.
After owning it for several years I had lost my previous purchase of this lock (left it setting on truck bumper!!). After two years feeling deprived, I was happy to finally find a replacement. I had purchased two other coupler locks that would not fit my trailer and a third not keyed-alike that fit but did not seem secure. I have had none of the reported-by-others rust problems, but I do live in the south (and I due park both the trailer and truck in a garage). Game over was 100% as opposed to another Amazon vendor who repeatedly cancelled my order for this.
I bought these at a local auto parts store. They were rusted beyond use in one year!
These locks do what they're supposed to. Just be sure to spray some WD-40 on them every so often to prevent rust from making the two parts stick together. It works, so it gets 4 stars. plain and simple.
Good......
oerfect
Thanks
Easy to use, rust free, lock well lubed.  The o-ring seal could be better, but not causing a problem.  In use 9 months.
I bought this item to go with my Curt cargo basket. The pins that normal come with hitches utilize a cotter pin which is usually lost or falls out. This receiver lock provides great stability (no play) and also allows you to lock your receiver to keep someone from taking it! Highly recommend.
I used this in a hitch step for the winter, mainly as a second bumper.  When I went to take it off, which zero torq on it, the key broke off in the lock.  There's no way to get it out.  This was only like the 3rd time I'd used the key.
I had a hitch cover come off or was stolen. Since I bought the lock I haven't had any problems.
I put a step in the hitch of my SUV and thought a lock would deter bad guys from stealing it. A year later, when my dog started hitting it jumping out of the back, I decided it had to go. The lock won't open. I tried every lube including graphite, Teflon and WD-90. I finally managed to get the key in all the way and it doesn't budge. I tried working it, and then tapping with a hammer. No go. Next comes the drill. I would avoid this product.
For the price I expected something sturdy and solid - and I got that. There is no rattle, it is easy to use and I am satisfied with the purchase. My only complaint is that the rubber flap that covers the keyhole broke off after only 4-5 uses. I still push it on but I would expect that to be stronger. Still, very good quality and I am satisfied.
Very well made product and very easy to install.  Received timely, packaged well. good customer service.  Looks good on the trailer hitch without looking clunky.
The shank on the bar that goes through the receiver hitch wasn't long enough to lock end on, so it was a waste of my money
I am using this on a Curt receiver and the length is perfect.  It appears to be of high quality construction (with a bit if weight to it) and this design prevents any rattling on bumpy roads.  My only complaint is that it gets rust buildup inside the lock mechanism after a few months, so you need to clean it periodically.Update:A great deal of dirt has found its way into the lock mechanism so I guess the fit is not secure like it should be.  Also it is now rusting which I find a bit odd in all stainless construction.  I see the head design has changed based on the new picture here so maybe the issue is fixed now.
This receiver lock works great.  I use for trailer hitch rack and also for bike rack.  works well, easy to install, and keeps racks locked and safe.
The stainless body of this lock held up very well to the MN winter, however the locking cylinder didn't, it only lasted one winter. I could have bought a cheap chromed one and saved a bunch of money! Waste of money and I had to cut it off anyway!(an angle grinder with a cutting discs works great) Save your money and just but the cheap $6 ones. My lock also was the older "dog-bone" style, if that makes a difference.
the best lock I have ever purchased. it works great,pervents from stealing my receiver and I love that it is a sideways lock and not straight.
This is a great lock at a great price. It is strong and looks nice. Very easy to attach to the hitch.
This steel receiver is well made and works.  I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a steel receiver with lock.  The only con for me is that putting the lock back can be a little hard.  Had to really put some pressure to get the lock to snap back.
Very good quality lock that looks great too. Has performed well over the last year. One word of caution - the "barbells" on the ends are long enough that they press against the power bracket (for the trailer lights) on my hitch (BMW X5 dealer installed accessory). It still works, but it makes removing and replacing the lock a bit difficult. I don't use my hitch but a few times per year, so this is not a major problem for me, but if you use your hitch often, you may want to be mindful of this if your power bracket is seated near the hitch.
Bought this to go with my rhino bumper step this item is so good I bought two of these to match my trucks
Top notch product, and it fits perfectly 2011 Ram 1500. The lock from Master Lock is secure, and my key has not broken yet. So far I am really happy with the purchase, and I know that the hitch cover of Ram won't be stolen because of Master Lock.
I expected quality with Master Lock, and that is what I got.  This product is not only effective, it is also very attractive compared to the ugly pins that are usually seen on hitches.  I liked it so much I decided to buy another one.  I would recommend this item to anybody who wants to secure their load.
Key broke on first attempt at use.  I didn't even apply any unusual pressure, it just broke.  Other reviews here confirm that this is a common problem.
I needed a pin lock with lock and key from the side due limited space between the hitch and another object. Does the job for me.
This lock didn't make even one season.  Had on and the cap kept falling off, so of course water got in and after just 7 months the lock corroded stuck shut and I had to spend 1/2 cutting it off and it was a huge pain.  Wished I had not bought.  Asking ML to provide replacement and hopeful they will with a better design?
I have used these type of locks for years and this is one of the best I have purchased. The lock faces out which gives easier access ... would recommend
Catastrophic failure while going down the road!  If not for safety chains, I would have lost my landscaping trailer while going down the road at 45 mph.  Not to mention the loss of the trailer, but I would have also lost a $5,000.00 lawn mower.  And then there's the liability on my part for the trailer running head on with traffic and killing someone.  Thank God none of this happened, but I will NEVER place my faith in another Master Lock brand lock for something this important.I'd also like to note that I NEVER placed an unreasonable load on this lock.  The only thing that I have ever transported was one 42-inch zero-turn riding lawn mower and a weed trimmer.  I estimate that between 30 and 40 10-mile round trips were made with this lock/trailer.  To break that down, I only traveled between 300 and 400 miles with this lock intact before it completely sheared into two separate pieces.  One would expect that you would get more service than that before catastrophic failure without warning takes place.
The hitch lock was perfect to retain the the hitch cover a must have when you order the hitch cover!!!
The piece worked great with the other item purchased.  The hitch looks great now.  Thank you for the great products!!
Fits perfect not an issue at all and I recommend to purchased the Master Lock 1480DAT. You'll be very pleased!
The product is solid and looks nice but is flawed by a miss-sized O-Ring.  The job of the rubber O-Ring is to keep dirt and water out of the locking mechanism.  There is a groove for the O-Ring to sit in, however you will notice that this product can not be reassembled without the O-Ring pulling out of the grove and getting caught outside. This of course defeats the use of the O-Ring for sealing.I thought that this may have been a defective item so I returned to Amazon for a replacement.  The replacement item had exactly the same issue.  I contacted Master Lock by phone regarding the issue.  The representative was not helpful telling me that there are no know issues with the product and to exchange it for a new one.I will now send back the replacement lock for a full refund.  Good thing for Amazon's return policy!
I am very pleased with the receiver lock. It is very sturdy and I am sure willm give years of service. I definitely would recommend it.
What can I say its a master lock. Well made. it works just like master is known for with all its locks..
This product would not lock on my Toyota Tacoma hitch.The washer did not seem to be the correct size and bunched up around the lock.I returned the item.One of the two included keys worked well, the other barely worked at all.
Quality you expect from Master; great piece; highly recommended. There's other brands out there but Master are THE experts. Excellent finish.
I bought this for my Yakima bike rack.  It fits perfectly with the hidden hitch and the lock mechanism and cover work great.  Now I can relax and not worry about losing my bike rack!
I don't need to do a long review to convey the basics that this pin works perfectly to secure your hitch to the receiver.  There's a little anodized flare, and a decent little rubber cap to keep the grit out of the lock mechanism and it's stainless steel to boot!  Nice quality item.
This luck will slow a thief down. It takes at least five hard whacks with a 3-pound hammer to break it. Don't leave this lock installed during the Winter if you live in a place that uses salt/chemicals. You may not be able to get it off except with the hammer mentioned above.
The rating is no fault of the product. The product looks great but I wasn't made aware that it did not fit the Swagman bike rack I bought at the same time. The Swagman has a threaded hitch pin. I could not send it back because I would have to pay to send it back and also because of 3% foreign exchange(Cdn) on my card, so still have it.  That is why the one star.  So make sure it fits the product you are purchasing it for...and Amazon could maybe note that it doesn't fit the Swagman and not suggest it.
The diameter of the shaft is too thick and will not work for the Allen bicycle rack.  It is however a sturdy lock, but O-ring tears off very easily that seals the shaft into lock.
This item does its job. Appears to be very sturdy. I am confident that it will keep my hitched item secure and safe from theft...
This product, in my opinion, is well designed. The materials are top notch, and it is easy to access with the key for removal and installation.I can't imagine anyone taking the time to defeat this lock to steel my hitch ball. When the boat is attached and locked to the ball I can sleep better in a hotel room knowing the boat is secure.I've notice a few times the rubber cover over the key slot has come off. I'm not sure if I just didn't attach it well, if I bumped it, or if it came off by itself though. Even so I don't think the rubber cover is a necessity.
Very nice , use it on my wife's car to secure hitch cover so no one will steal it. Very easy to use not like some I have had in the past. I would recommend this item to anyone needing it .
Solid construction and very easy to use. Would definitely recommend.  Used ours for camping - hauling a cargo carrier and after 600 miles its still holding up!  Not sure what yearly usage/lifespan will look like but I'm quite optimistic it will last.
easy installed and use, good quality. maybe need to buy more as considering to install tow package in my second car now
I purchased this lock thinking that if a defect was clearly presented and documented the issue would be addressed by the company. I was incorrect in thinking that, Master Lock should consider getting some of their quality control personal to read some of the product reviews on Amazon.This product works well but the defect with the rubber ring still exists.  I suspect that if you were to leave this lock on year round with the rubber ring not seated correctly it would almost certainly destroy the lock.I gave this item two stars because the defect was not addressed; I did not purchase this item with the intention to repair it. I will try and find an appropriate size rubber ring at the hardware store that would better suit the lock.Other than the above mentioned issue the lock has performed flawlessly. It fits well, looks great, and the level of security is outstanding.
Looks like a nice, sturdy product, but the shaft isn't long enough to fit through the receiver hitch on my 2009 Tacoma. Need to return it now.
I really only needed this to secure a few receiver-cover ornaments that I didn't want to 'walk away' while parked somewhere.  Installation took under a minute, and the lock fit the factory receiver on my 2006 Chevy Avalanche perfectly.  The keys are easy to work with and do not take up much room on my key chain. The lock makes for a tight, secure fit, and I have not noticed any noise or rattle coming from the lock.
I use the Master Lock to secure my Allen Bike rack to my Jeep Wrangler. It does the job. I like the covering that protects the lock mechanism. I would highly recommend this Lock to others
Lock arrived in a timely manner and in good condition. The price was very good compared to other locks I looked at. Have only had a chance to use it once so far, but it seems to work fine
I bought this lock for a Curt Manufacturing 13594 Class III 2" Receiver with a 5/8" hole and it fits fine for a hitch cover, but does not fit my Allen Deluxe 4-Bike Hitch Mount Rack as the lock is too large in diameter. So instead I had to use the no-wobble bolt supplied with the bike rack which doesn't lock. If you intend to use this lock with a bike rack, be sure that the bike rack has a 5/8" hole in the receiver arm. You might even need to check with the maufacturer of the bike rack for the specs.Otherwise, the lock works great for the hitch cover.
Not a lot to review here.  It does it's job.  Easy to use.  I have a standard UHual hitch on my SUV and it fit with no problems.  I am going to buy another of these for my other hitch, so I recommend.
What can you say?  It fits and it works.  has a dust cover over the key hole to keep dirt out.  Otherwise would not work for long.  I'd buy it again.
this lock fits beautifully to my towbar, is easy to lock and unlock, looks good and works well, also great value for money
I don't normally write reviews, but this is important. We were towing 2 ATVs and 1 dirtbike on a sturdy trailer when this pin failed and we completely lost our trailer. To be clear, the pin itself did not break, but the lock holding the pin in place broke or fell off (we were never able to recover it) and the pin was able to work its way out of the hole. When it finally fell out, the trailer became completely unattached except for the safety chains. We were extremely lucky that no one was hurt; it could have been a disaster. The pin had less than 200 miles of use. It failed while going about 40 MPH on a hilly road near Moab. Thank goodness it did not fail 30 miles prior, when we were on a narrow mountain pass with a sheer drop-off to one side. That could have killed us all.Lesson for us: don't skimp on the one piece of equipment that is key to the safety of your entire family.BTW, the incident ruined our trailer (and our vacation). Small price to pay for our safety, but in retrospect I would have gladly spent way more on a quality pin.
I was looking for a receiver lock that was easy to use and give us the protection for our hitch.  We typically dont unhook the hitch after arriving at the site and always worried that someday someone might remove it.  Now we dont have to worry and my wife is much happier!!!The rubber cover for the key area keeps dirt away from lock mechanism.  Plus it is a Master Lock...enough said.
I bought the curt two pice tow basket which is great  and automatically bought the lock to keep it safe and it fit perfectly.
Thats the solution for the hitch covers. Also suitable for the trailers and other. Nice and easy to use, and the best, SECURE
A simple product, but very well executed.If you want to secure your hitch, this will do the job nicely.Comes with two keys.
Finaly a lock you don't have to lay on the ground to get on and off. This lock is great.
I use this lock to pin my bike rack on the vehicle while out riding. Easy key mechanism precision fit makes it great for this application. Comes with two sized posts, not simply a sleeve.
Ordered Dec 7th and still have yet to receive it. I also emailed regarding more information on its where it is or when I should be receiving it and haven't heard anything back. Hopefully they can make it right.
The person who recommended the hula turtle hitch cover to me suggested getting a lock for it.  She lost one before she purchased the hitch lock.
This dogbone lock is very nice and well buildt. It is perfect for use on any car or truck if you are going to remove it after each use. But it is not for use on a motorhome reciver, were it is going to be left on for some time.The problem is ! The protective rubber cap that covers the key entry, fits loosely. The cap will not stay on to protect the key entry slot. Any little bump in the road, and off it comes !  Dirt and water gets into the lock mechanism, the key will not go in and you will not get it off with out a cutting torch.
This product fit perfectly on my 2013 Nissan Pathfinder. I just wish it should come with rust proof. But great product.
How much can you say? Nice snug fit....the anodized blue is cool. Lock has easy access design compared to others where key hole is on side vs top. NO sleeve for adjustable receiver hole...it really is 5/8"
Product was very nice - gave it as a present and it was very well liked by the receiver. thanks
I should've bought this a long time ago but I didn't. I've never had a trailer stolen just 2 hitch covers. So I decided to buy this, It fits perfectly and its easy to unlock. So no more stolen hitch covers.
Perfect for my Honda pilot.
I have not used it for a long period of time (about a month), but it has worked very well i would purchase another if needed at this point. The O-ring will become loose after just a few times of use but stays in place and still works. If and when it is needed i can easily use an O-ring from my plumbing parts to replace it! I gave 4 stars for the simple fact that the O-ring is a know problem and still not fixed.
This lock has seen winter months, and salted roads and has always worked, it still looks good.The color blue makes it stand out and lets thieves know not to mess with it!
Fits well, and looks good. I have two of them and find they both work well. Easy slip on/off with the end piece. Great value.
It's a great lock. a little hard to get locked & unlock, but I would buy it again without hesitation.
It works and is much easier to lock/unlock with the key facing you than if it is pointed to the side.
Great lock for protecting hitch covers or any other items you might want to keep locked to your vehicle.  Lots of bad road, weather grime protection covering the working parts of the locks.
i had this on for the winter and when spring time came , I went to take it off ,  it was corroded and when finally got the key in .. the keys are very soft and broke off in the lock cylinder...should only be purchased in mild weather conditions....otherwise just a waste of money
I was expecting a real quality lock and it may be, but it didn't fit my 2005 Toyota Tacoma!  It looks like "Master" is a "minor" on this one, either scamming people to buy them or not thinking things out in a logical or helpful way. Also, I was so sure it would fit that I threw away all the packaging and now I can't even return it!
THIS LITTLE LITE PUT OUT SOM REAL GOOD LITE. MY WIFE TOLD ME I SHOULD GET MORE, THE PRICE IS WRITE AND I WILL GET SOME FOR THE HOUSE,OUTSIDE AND IN.
After reading many of the reviews on this item, I decided to still give it a try anyway. I purchased a new O ring and replaceed it. I sprayed the lock mechanism with silicone spray so the key would work smoothly. The rod did not snap easily onto the lock. I had to turn the key while trying to insert the rod. Having a third hand would have helped. After finally getting everything in place, the rubber protective cap strap broke the very first time. I took the rubber housing off and threw it away. I'll just have to see how long it lasts before the lock mechanism freezes up.
Made heavy and durable.  Works well with my trailer hitch.  I tow a 3500 pound boat and use a double hitch so I can haul a boat and a bike rack with no issues.
Lock shaft is 1/8 inch short of fitting the receiver on my 2010 Tacoma.  Thought it was the rubber casing preventing the shaft from passing through the receiver with enough room on the end for the lock, so I cut off the casing.  All that did was make it so I couldn't return the lock.  Hate it when products are not as advertised.
Easily attaches and detaches. Should resist most attempts to pick or break.  As with most locks, a secondary wheel lock provides sufficient piece of mind.
The lock completely meets my expectations. It was easy to install and will serve the purpose for which it was purchased.
Great lock for rear carrier or trailer.  This one is easy to use and really secure.  Don't waste your time with other.  Buy this one FIRST!!
Perfect addition for use with my Bully CR-600 Receiver Hitch Step.Master makes a quality product. Looks great works great.
Great lock. No problems while living in Arizona. Just when I moved to Wisconsin and drove a winter here, the lock got salted and corroded. My advice would be to remove it for winter. I will definitely get another one.
This master lock was used on our bike hitch that is attached to our RV. We travel frequently and this is a much better  deterrent to thieves then a cable and pad lock system in our opinion. It is easy enough to use and unlock. A reasonable price to pay for security and piece of mind.
I have a yackama bike rack and I mostly use just the lock portion onto the stock yackama pin that removes the wobble from the rack in the hitch.. works like a charm now I don't worry too much about my rack being stolen :)
It locks up the tow hitch and does not allow others to take the mounted step attached to the hitch
Nice for the price, made good, good fit, looks nice. I would buy again, I'm happy with Master Lock 1480DAT Stainless Steel Receiver Lock.
I'm a huge fan of Master products & this does not let me down.  Very easy to use low profile lock to protect your trailer hitch attachments.  I love the bright blue tip.
The lock and pin look and feel very durable.  However, I was disappointed that the second time I used the key in the lock, the key broke off.Update. I received a replacement and the same thing happened.  Currently, the broken end of the key is stuck in the lock and I am not able to remove it.  I will probably have to cut it off.Don't order this lock!
I bought this for my son after buying him a hitch cover. He was very satisfied with product. I did not know if he needed the 5/8 or 1/2 in...so it worked it out great!
Item as described, very well made and easy to use.  this item was shipped very quick. I would recommend this lock.
After reading couple of reviews I decided to go with this Master Lock. Yes, after receiving it, I noticed that the O-ring is too big on it and when you go to lock it, the O-ring gets pinned between and bolt and the lock. Simple solution, go to a store and get a smaller O-ring, hence I gave it 4star rating.After making a slight corrections, this locking pin works perfectly with my 2008 Toyota 4Runner and Allen Deluxe 4Bike mount rack.Product looks solid and isn't too big. I think the other Master Lock with red end might be too long for a 2in hitch receiver. This one fits perfectly, glad I got this one and would recommend to others.
There is a little rubber &#34;O-Ring&#34; that is extremely fragile and not protected in any way. That ring broke before I could even put the lock on the hitch. I assume now water will damage some internal mechanism and haunt me down the road.
I purchased this lock to use with a recently self-installed Curt Hitch (2 in) for our Honda Odyssey. The pin fits perfectly and the key action is smooth to lock and unlock. You can only lock back the pin if the key is inserted (without the key, the pin will not go all the way to "click"). It is a well built piece of hardware. Amazon shipping was on time, as expected.
Master Lock 1480DAT Stainless Steel Receiver Lock for 5/8' Receiver HoleThis receiver lock is too short for use on factory installed Toyota Tundra 2" receiver hitch. Also, the o-ring that seals out dirt and water (supposedly) is a joke. It tore into 2 pieces the first time I tried to test the lock while it was laying on kitchen counter top. Don't waste your money.
I received it 2 days ago and used it on my sequoia 2012 its work fine without the plastic cover because the shaft need to be a little bit longer so it can fit that&#8217;s why I gave 4 stars.
Good for using on the boat, house and garden tools.  Not only works as advertised (darn well) but smells good too. I keep one on the boat and one in the garden shed.
I used this to coat the inside of my steel bike frame. It works well. It's hard to get it into all the internal parts, as there's no straw extension. Otherwise, perfect product. It'd be best for its intended use, obviously, but it works well if you can't find frame saver.I think it smells good too, but I happen to like the smell of chemical solvents. Might be something wrong with me.
Works really well but does leave a yellowish film behind. If you use this in an area out of view, or don't care about that, it works great to protect your metal. My boat trailer loves the staff!
Very good product, spray on thin film, dries quickly, stays on very well, stops corrosion.  I will buy more when needed.
Bought a new aluminum trailer for my 17 ft skiff. The first thing to go in salt water is the leaf springs and shackles. I sprayed this corrosion inhibitor all over them with two coats and so far, I haven't see the first spot of rust on them. This is an unusual application, but it appears to work great so far!
If you do anything on a do it yourself basis, or if you work for someone, this is the can you need to have around you.  There are so many uses that it would take me hours to explain.  Even if your toys are in a garage, or if they stay outdoors most of the time, get some and protect your toys.  Every weekend warrior should be using this stuff.  P.S.  My friend was so impressed, that this little can landed me a free trip on a local pontoon, after they saw how it helps even on the rails and hinges located on boat.  Thanks
This stuff works great on cars.  Sticks well and stays put when it dries.  I sprayed it on the brake lines on my 2000 Honda Accord that have surface rust.  A little squirt now will save a lot of pain and expense later!  Sprayed this stuff on them in the fall and it stood up to the winter well.Note - The description says 16oz but what I got was 10oz cans.  So the 5 star rating is for the product, NOT the description!!!
I've used this for years and its the best I've found for protecting anything that gets exposed to water.  I use it on boats and pwc to protect parts from corrosion, rust, etc.  Definitely worth having for protecting expensive items.
First ... these are 10 oz. containers, NOT 16 oz. I notified Amazon of the error. Don't let that stop you from buying! This is good stuff!I use this around my boat. Particularly on the outboard engine under the cover. It sprays on as a thin, brownish liquid smelling of coconut! When the solvent part evaporates it leaves a waxy, brown film. Not real pretty, but functional. Very effective in preventing rust. Use on levers, s/s connecting rods, fittings, bolt heads. Anything that's uncoated with rust or corrosion potential. Product remains flexible.I also use it on the U-bolts on my trailer and on the electrical fittings inside the lights. Wet lights continue to work and the salt water doesn't destroy the sockets. Spray the bulb connections too.Use it on your trailer hitch connection and dolly wheel too. Have a spare tire mounted? Be sure to spray the mounting bolts to make emergency removal that much easier. Don't forget the lug nuts and exposed stud ends too.Fine for automotive uses too where rust tends to be a problem. Shock & strut nuts and bolts especially.I really like this product and keep it on hand all the time. Great for the lawn tractor and tools too.
Great product. Does what it says it will do better than any other product I have tried. Sure winner hands down.
Good stuff...had a lid that holds the littl straw for pin pointed spraying but no straw or nozz
used this to treat an awning cover 2 months ago and it worked great.  was easy to apply with a 1 gallon sprayer and the water rolls right off.
Did not work at all.
I bought this stuff to water proof. a tent rain fly. I followed directions.Fly was clean & dry. applied. let dry over night 2nd coat. Fly still leaked. 3rd coat, still no luck.
not the  greatest Iput this on a boat top I thought this would last longer then it did this product needs work
I bought this because 303 worked the first year but when I reapplied it the second time it didn't. Bought this mainly because of the price. I put 2 coats on and water runs off it amazingly. used on a boat cover . Its definetly worth it.
I put this product on my boat cover , It did a great job keepimg the water out of the boat, easy to apply and the price was right.
Did my whole Bimini top and cover for 16' pontoon boat with one gallon. Really sheds the water off when the rain hit. Fast shipping , good product and great price.
We bought this size as well as the gallon size.  It's a perfect product, that says what is will do.  So very pleased with this product.
By far the best I've used for the holding tank in my boat.  It's not watery and thin like so many other products, so it really does the job it should.  It may be a little more expensive, but you can actually use less of it than you might need to with other less expensive products.  I make a point to order this every year when boating season arrives.
Have used in a variety of settings, from RV holding tank in the lower 48 states to a honey bucket in a remote Eskimo village. Convenient. I am sensitive to scents but this just kills odors without scads of perfumes.
Look no further, your search is finally over!I too have used several brands to come right back to what was included in my RV in the beginning (single 8oz bottle of aqua-kem). When I went to my local Walmart they didnt have Aqua-Kem so I used TST Orange which was okay but didn't cut it in the summer!  Thetford Aqua-Kem truly eliminates smells even in the summer months.
This product worked as advertised and I would consider purchasing again from this vendor in the future. aa aa aaa
I have tried several different brands and this is by far the best. It has a pleasing smell, not too strong.
I chose this product for a Braun lift on a handicap accessible van. It matched the pressure and length I needed. Installation was quick and easy.  I would buy from them again and probably will soon.Thanks Sierra InternationalOne happy customer
Worked well on replacing the edging on the stairs after placing down tiles.  I also like that it does not have a scent which makes it able to be used any time I need to glue something.
I can not rate this stuff highly enough. I say it's worth about a dosen stars. An unusual series of events led to me have a cracked fuel tank and filler neck coupling in a fairly old car. I could not find parts to replace these. I tried everything from silicones to epoxies. But this fixed it in one try because it can CURE IN GAS! That is amazing btw. Its been a few months now and still now evap check engine codes.
I have been using seal all for around 8 years now.  I first discovered it when I was working on my old motorcycle.  I couldn't get a rubber part to block the main jets in the carburetors so I went down to the hardware store and found some little plastic plugs.  They wouldn't stay put, so I went back and found seal all.  I secured the plugs using the seal all and they stayed put even though they were immersed in gasoline.  There really aren't a whole lot of products that will hold up to gas exposure, but seal all does.  It is my lifesaver whenever dealing with leaky gas fittings.  It has the viscosity of model glue, so it isn't real thick, but it will bond things together and cover small holes.
A very good product. Recommended by my son as it is utilized in his manufacturing agency. I used it for gluing my Teva rubber  sandal soles. They wont come apart any time soon. Recommended for any rubber shoe soles.
I had a tiny leak on the bottom of my gas tank.I'd read that Seal-All was easier to use and just as good as the epoxy gas tank repair compounds.  After all, it actually says gas resistant on the label.  Unfortunately, Seal-All doesn't appear to resist dissolving in gas at all.I had a hairpin crack at on the bottom of my tank on the edge of a divot.  So tiny that it dripped maybe once every 5 minutes.  It was about 1/1000 mm wide and 1 mm long - so imagine the tiniest crack you can get.I ran the tank empty, angled the car on stand to make sure the remaining gas did not come out, then cleaned and applied Seal-All.For the first 24 hours it worked and it adhered well to the area around the leak too.  Then the area were the tiny crack was started to go from clear to white and bubble.  Then gas began to seep from under the 2" round patch I'd made.  I made the patch that big to ensure adhesion on a possible seep leak, but after it started coming out the whole path was subverted with gas.  In the end, the adhesive area that had initially turned white from gas contact became so gooey gas leaked directly from center of the path too.The product is absolutely and unequivocally, not what 'common sense' would call gas resistant.  If you only need it to hold for 24 hours before dissolving, this is the product for you.  Otherwise, get an epoxy sealant for applications involving exposure to gasoline.I gave it two stars, because it does glue other things well.  You'll find other comments here and elsewhere about this failure to hold back gasoline.
I used this to seal the windshield washer reservoir on my that had a hole in it. It is still holding after a couple of years.
It's the best adhesive ever...I've been using it for decades...couldn't find it in stores recently, but then did a search...Best story I have is, I repaired my pool vac bracket that attaches to a 12 foot extention pole, in 8' of chlorine & acid treated well water years ago, this pole/handle has a lot of stress on it....It never did break. Thanks
had a small plastic gas tank leak that was too large for melting fix; thought seal-all was perfect; it's not; small print on package says "not recommended for use on polystyrene, polyethylene, polypropylene ..." Many gas tanks are one of these products. Product review doesn't say that.
Used as recommended by Aerobed customer service to repair small leak in queen air mattress.  I decided to partially inflate the mattress until it filled out into its basic shape, but kept pressure so low that it did not leak from hole.  Over the period of an hour, I applied 3 thin coats over a radius of about 1" on and around the leak. The product was very easy to work with -- a similar consistency to model airplane glue.  After 3 hours, I inflated the mattress to full pressure.  No more leak!
My riding lawnmower plastic gas tank was leaking badly.  I tried stopping the leak with a couple of other sealers, including J-B Weld, without success.  Finally I used the Seal-All Adhesive.  It stopped the leak, saving me the cost of a new gas tank, over $75.  I highly recommend this product.
i&#34;m very happy with seal all i would buy it again when needed i would tell others how easy it is to use and put on
This is one of the best adhesive products I have ever used.  I use it to repair cloth and vinyl.  It will hold when nothing else will.  I have also used it for repair on other items and found it to work as well, such as wood and ceramic.  A must have product around the shop or home.
GREAT STUFF, ALWAYS HAVE IT AROUND THE SHOP AND THE HOME. KEEPS THINGS FIXED, SAVES ON COSTLY REPAIRS. A MUST HAVE FOR MOST REPAIRS.
I wanted to use this product to seal some fuel tank o-rings I was installing. I received the &#34;Quick Set, Clear&#34; version of this product. Useless. When you squeeze some of this version of Seal-All onto your fingers/thumb in order to spread it out on the o-ring (or gasket for that matter), it IMMEDIATELY and COMPLETELY dries on your fingers & thumb long before you can spread it on the item to be sealed. Perhaps the non-Quick-Set version won't do this, but the Quick-Set version is just plain useless. I threw the full tube out.
best waterproof fuse holder, easy to protect & change fuses, great for use in water prone areas. ** be sure though when splicing wires to fuse holder to protect splice with good butt connectors with heat shrink and second layer heat shrink over the connectors also - totally waterproof**
This is a well made and sturdy product. Made in the U.S.A..I had tried one I bought at a well know electronics  &#34;shack&#34;.  It was cheaply made and basically worthless !! The fuse was arcing at the ends because it was so poorly made..
This U bolt lock works great and fits my 5&#34; deep beam on the trailer fine. I set a 15&#34; rim over it and set my pad lock.
I found that the spacing of the bars doesn't fit my rims.  I have 5 bolt, 15 inch rims which are pretty standard.  The bar end spacing doesn't fit the spacing of the holes in the rim.  The item description says it will fit basically any rim, but it apparently doesn't.  I had read some other reviews elsewhere that said the same thing, but I took a chance on it anyway.  In my case, I made a flat bar to span the two bar ends and was able to adapt the carrier to lock through the decorative holes in the rim instead, and still use the locking brackets on top.  My trailer has an angled 2 inch square brace that I can lay the tire on so the Fulton carrier doesn't carry the full weight of the tire, so it's reasonably secure.  I would have had better mounting options if the bar had fit the hole spacing in the first place.
Gets the job done.  If you have a small trailer tongue, you might run out of threads, I did.  Just had to rig some 3/16" spacers to compensate.  Good product, cheap way to secure your spare.
Bought these to replace docking lights on my pontoon since it was easier to replace the lights than it was to replace the bulbs.  New lights look good and work great.
The lights are not sealed and have open ports on the side in which water can enter without any drain holes.  Consequently, they are not suitable for marine applications.
Now bright enough.  Don't buy it.  I am very disappointed.  Get the old fashioned kind and don't be incised by the pretty style of these lights.
I had a rusty winch with a frayed strap and needed replacing.  I looked for a pulling weight replacement and one that was made in USA.  This product met those requirements. I looked at many of the dealerships and their web sites, I decided to use Amazon.  I like Amazon and its ease of use to find comparable products.  Amazon also offers free shipping on a lot of items.
No more wrestling my whitewater raft onto the trailer. I did the math and my back is worth way more than this winch.  Nice winch
I'm using this winch on a boat trailer for a 14' aluminum jon boat.  Couldn't be more perfect.  Mechanism feels solid and the coating should last a very long time.  I researched winches for quite a while before deciding on a Dutton.  For the price and a product made in the USA, you can't beat it.
Okay, looking at the picture of the product shown and you would expect three packs of these locks, correct?  NO.... you recieve ONE 1/2 inch lock.  Horrible describtion.
I use this refrigerator in a Peterbilt Semi truck and it works great. Unlike coolers the temp in this refrigerator stays constant. When installing it is important that ventilation can get to the rear of the unit. I have mine mounted on the drivers side in the sleeper with a vent added near the top of the wall over the sleeper controls. This unit is built for use in trucks and holds up to the abuse a truck gives. I have been using Norcold refrigerators for 15 years. I only had a warranty claim once many years ago but Norcold took care of the problem right away. They stood behind the product.
Stainless steel and does the job it was designed for. It was priced much lower here than at West Marine.
So far the unit works very well. The weight of the power cable is more directly centered over the main shaft which was not the case for the unit that failed. A sea water environment is very tuff and so far the finish is holding up very well. Let's see what happens after a year.
Does what it is designed for. Excellent hanling by Windline Marine. Delivered very quickly. All in all, just what i was looking for.
This light is NOT supplied with a lens. Therefore, it is not "Weather Resistant" as claimed.
The Preval worked very nicely for my project  -  amazingly effective for what it can accomplish.The project: Re-painting about 50 square feet of bookcase surfaces.I wanted to make an old bookcase match some new cabinetry - the cabinets have a very nice sprayed-finish. I've spray painted before, on occasion, but did not have a sprayer. I researched new sprayers but did not want to invest in a dedicated sprayer for just this small job. Also, I was not sure that any small sprayer could do a good job. So, I was stuck with no solution in sight. Then I came across the reviews for the Preval and decided to give the Preval Sprayer a try. If it did not work out, I could always relegate the bookcase to garage use and seek another solution for the house.Setup: Preparations - painting basics.I prepared the bookcase and shelve surfaces by sanding the old paint to a smooth surface. I used a palm sander. Then I wiped, and cleaned, off the sanding dust very well.Priming - I primed using a brush.I set up a clean work area - breathable but not windy. I did not want to run out of Preval later on, so  I applied a light primer-coating of paint by brush and lett it dry.Top-coat spraying: More preparations / basics.Cover anything you don't want overspray to land upon. As with other sprayers, "overspray" can land on everything within its range, such as your clothes, floor, surrounding objects and surfaces, etc.  Although the Preval application range (nozzle to surface) is limited, the overspray range is larger and dependent upon factors in your environment. Determine that range in advance and protect surfaces that you do not want paint to land on at all.Do you know how to spray already?If you have no spraying experience, I'd suggest some practice - preferably using the same type of material you'll be painting. Be ready to sacrifice the practice material if needed. Also, when you start your project, start with the least-visible side if possible. Spraying for the first time is a learning experience. If you don't practice a bit, you can quite easily get bad results no matter which sprayer you use. Even a little practice will be better than none.Read the instructions.I reviewed the Preval instructions, which I found to be brief and clear. I mixed the paint and used a small container to carefully transfer it from the gallon can to the Preval sprayer glass bottle that holds just a few ounces of paint (no shaking they warn - avoid bubbles at all stages).Application / Spraying:Remember to follow the instructions - such as not shaking up the paint bottle (bubbles can end up on the finish).When spraying, you must hold the Preval container relatively upright (it draws paint from a straw in the paint bottle), Holding it upright can be tricky when you spraying other than a vertical surface. I set things up so I could lay the bookcase dry-surfaces-down, in stages - so do a bit of advance planning. As is desirable, I applied the top coat using both horizontal and vertical patterns, for coverage uniformity - but not overdoing it (you can get splotches or drips if you lay it on to heavily). It was a little tricky visualizing coverage as I went along because I was spraying white finish over white primer. But, during the spraying stage, I had the bookcase on a larger piece of strong cardboard that I could rotate it any way I wanted to get the light reflecting off the finish at angles to better see it.Some nice benefits: The small size of the Preval unit made it pretty easy to get into tight spaces. Also, you have no hose to manage.In all, the application part was fun.There was enough to do the job.I was able to paint the 50-square-feet of bookcase and still have a little bit of the Preval remaining in the can. Finally, it's even less expensive than some good-quality paint brushes.  It was easy to clean up compared to cleaning brushes.The finish: The bookcase now looks better than ever !I like the result. The finished results are about as nice as I would expect with a nice quality airless sprayer.Would use it again!
This is not going to replace a compressor and spray gun but it does a pretty fine job for what it is. Preval sprayers are infinitely better than can spray paint and varnish. With Preval you can actually put a mirror finish on metal, wood, or fiberglass. I once refinished a complete 1960 era birch wood kitchen, spraying high gloss polyurethane and did a fantastic job- no drips or sags.I used more than a dozen of the power units, but they're only $3. I've done spot repairs and small spot paint blending on my boat,very successfully. But I never did a car.. to big of a single spray. Preval will spray anything, just thin it down as directed on the directions, fill the bottle, screw the power unit on top and spray away. There's plenty of propellant in a power unit and they clean up real easy with a spare bottle of thinner that you spray thru for cleaning. I believe 1 power unit allowed me to get almost 2 coats of varnish on both sides of a door. Preval provides a reasonably nice finish for almost no investment. You'll be surprised with the product. Highly recommended.
I've used this device for two different projects now.  The first was duracoating one of my old hunting rifles; I completed the entire project with one sprayer and the results were good.  The second project was touching up the paint on my old 1947 army jeep.  Since the paint is a flat olive drab color I wasn't too concerned with how the results looked, but it actually looks pretty good... and I did about 1/2 of the jeep with only 3 sprayers.
I too needed to paint a plastic 10" ceiling medallion with latex paint to match a custom off-white latex ceiling paint.  After asking the big box paint department salesperson whether I needed to prime the plastic medallion before putting on the latex paint and being advised that wasn't necessary, I put on the first coat of latex paint with a foam brush, thinking that might result in fewer, less noticeable brush strokes.  Wrong.  I had to replace the medallion (rather than repaint it ) since it wasn't worth trying to strip an $8 medallion to repaint it.  Next trip to the big box resulted in different advice--should have put on a Rustoleum spray can primer suitable for plastic in order for the latex paint to adhere better to avoid brush strokes using latex paint.  Did that, but unfortunately there was no matching finish coat for the final color.  So I was told to purchase a Preval sprayer.  Did that and read the reviews about how it didn't work well with thick latex paints.  I bought some Floetrol to thin the latex paint.  I ended up thinning it probably to more than a 4:4: ratio-- before it thinned out enough to go on satisfactorily.  It looked kind of dimply from the small beads of paint before it dried but it looks pretty good once if was fully dry.  The spray bottle and pump seemed to clean up very well and easily.  Not exactly a timesaver I had hoped compared with buying the right color canned spray paint, but it did ending up working out and putting on a pretty smooth coat that is a good color match with the custom paint color ceiling.
Why anyone would use this for interior paint is beyond reason. The negative reviews are not worth considering. I've used this product many times on small touch-up jobs and it is the best for the money. The best application is spraying a gate and it leaves a clean finish. You have two other options besides this product: spend $60-100 on a spray gun or hire a professional. For everyday touch-ups, you can't go wrong with the Prevel Spray System.
Followed instructions as available, used thinned automotive paint. Unfortunately the spray gun did NOT perform at all.Would NOT recommend for auto paint. Perhaps water based paints for artwork type uses are fine....
I followed the directions perfectly, made sure the sprayer was shaken and screwed back on tight, but when I went to spray nothing but the gas came out.  worst product ever. btw, redid all instructions and for the second turn the paint leaked out between the sprayer and bottle.Don't buy this product unless you like frustration.
I have done numerous painting jobs including vintage, stencils, lines, sponge, etc painting jobs.  I bought this Preval sprayer to paint a picture frame and to match with latex on one of the walls.  It was terribly frustrating.  I never got it to work properly even after adjust to ratio beyond 3:3.  Went through 2 cans and couldn't even get it to spray water.  I'd stay away from this product.
Neat little product... I have wooden windows and used it to spray the grills that are inserted into the frames. I was able to spray the interior facing side with stain, without thinning (then used a readily available, poly spray to finish) but when it came to spraying the exterior side (with a latex paint, to match the siding color) I found that the manufacturer's 3:1 ratio was woefully insufficient. After blowing (no pun intended) through the aerosol that came with the kit, I found that I'd sprayed perhaps one ounce of paint - far short of their 16oz estimation.  I thinned it down to a 4:1 ratio and the second can both performed and lasted better. In my application, this was a huge time saver; painting grilles where both sides receive different material takes at least a half-hour, per side, per grille. With this product, it was under a minute.
I am a woodworker and bought this to use on jobs that are too small for setting up the full size sprayer. I love this thing! I sprayed laquer with it and the power cartridge lasted twice as long as I had hoped for. Lays down a good finish with zero runs or problems. At first I was worried about not being able to tilt past 45 degrees but that was a non issue. I am on the way to the big Orange box store (cheaper there) to buy as many as I can carry!
I've sprayed many custom guitars from metal flakes to pearls with the Preval Sprayer.they come out better then when I used my airbrush
I bought this to use with duracoat to refinish my shotgun. The can had more than enough spray to finish the entire gun.
Love this! Very professional results with a cheap little bottle, and sprayer. I use this with the duracoat, as well as the dura coat degreaser! works great, and is much cheaper than the kit.
I gave this product 4 stars only because of the angle you have to spray to make it work. Other than that its a great product. Its nice to not have to clean up a bunch of spray gun parts. The glass bottle for the sprayer is a nice keepsake for small screws or nuts too
Very hard to get it to draw paint. I was not able to apply enough paint to finish my project and ended up finishing with a brush
I bought this item to use to spray disinfect my chicken coop. It seemed like it would be a perfect item to use, and being that it was a paint sprayer, my assumption (which was apparently wrong) was that it would spray a mixture of water with a few drops of disinfectant (also the consistency of water) more easily than it would paint. Since I don't really understand how the inner-workings of an item like this operate, I made the mistake with my assumption. When I used this item, I filled the tank full and could only get the item to spray consistently if I was constantly shaking it while spraying. It barely worked, and I wasn't even able to get most of the 16oz to spray out of it. It was a huge hassle to use.I called Ozbo to see if it was defective, and they contacted the company and said no, that it wasn't, that the problem was that I was trying to use it with something the consistency of water, rather than paint, which I thought was weird, but whatever. Because this item cannot be deemed at 'defective' if I want to return it, I have to pay the shipping, which is probably going to cost more than it's worth. I'll just forget it and chalk it up to my mistake.
I wasted many hours trying to get this to work with Behr interior latex paint. I started with the thinning ratio recommended by Behr for spraying. I kept thinning the paint and tried removing the screen as recommended on the PreVal website, but I was never able to get it to spray anything but air. Then I researched on the internet and found on several DIY forums that Preval does not work well with typical interior latex paint ... complete waste of time and money.It might be ok with other types of paint or stain, but if you're using interior latex paint, stick with a paintbrush or roller.
Made he job easier...be careful how you hold it and the level. It will spurt on you. But really cool product. (especially for the small duracoat projects)
I use this for spraying color onto cakes instead of an airbrush.  It works pretty good..it clogs often...but does the job.I'd recommend it.
I bought this to use for a recall at a Ford dealership.  It was recommended in the recall by Ford to spray some anti-corrosion liquid.  I bought this and two extra power units. Each power unit did about ten to fifteen vehicles.  Just make sure you clean them thoroughly after each use.
It takes a little while to get used to how to get a consistent spray, and how to unclog it, but it's all in the instructions, so if you just follow them, it works great for painting speakers.
Great product.  The containers are reusable if you clean them out. The spray pattern is a little wider than your typical spray can.
GREAT ITEM. RECOMMEND SELLER HIGHLY, MAKES PAINTING SO MUCH EASIER, DOESN'T LEAVE BRUSH MARKS, MUCH EASIER TO GET INTO TIGHT SPOTS
This is a great product, I've used this for several years. Lost my first one so promptly bought a second.
Just what I needed to touch up those minor repair spots on my boat.  Paint flowed smooth, and left a professional finish on the hull.  For this price you can afford to trash the sprayer and save yourself the messy cleanup.
I tried using this product with Behr 100% acrylic paint and it did not work out well at all. I mixed with the ratio for acrylics on the Preval box- that didn't work. I mixed with the ratio on the paint can- that also didn't work. It managed to sputter out a bit of paint, but nothing close to what you would get out of a traditional spray paint can. To me this product was a total waste of money. Thank goodness it was cheap!
Originally I was very frustrated with it and was going to try to return it.  I wasted half the propellant trying to get any latex paint to come out (I followed the thinning instructions that came with it).  I decided to read some reviews on Amazon to see if others had similar troubles and learned that latex paints need to be thinned much more (3:2).  After I thinned it more it worked quite well.  (THANK YOU TO ALL WHO POST HELPFUL REVIEWS)
We have been able to supply our customers with a quick solution when it comes to touch up paint requirements. They absolutely love it.
I purchased a Preval Sprayer #267 with included 6 oz reservoir and 2 extra aerosol cans. I mixed my newly purchased water based white flat latex paint as per instructions (3:1 with water), removed the filter on the diptube, then filtered the mixture through a cheese cloth into the reservoir. Holding the can b/t 45-90 degrees, the spray can dispensed paint after a couple of seconds then stopped after about 10 seconds at which time only clear gas came out of the nozzle until the entire aerosol can was empty. I had spent days prepping an interior decorative railing for painting and wanted to complete the job. Therefore, I changed the aerosol can (sprayer, diptube)and got no paint out of the sprayer nozzle, only gas. In frustration and thinking I would need to dilute the paint to the consistency of water (which would make it useless in my opinion) I then used the last aerosol can with just water and could not even get water to come out of the nozzle. If anyone can provide an explanation for this other than this being a lame product I would appreciate it. After my experience I am surprised to see any positive reviews for this product. For me the Preval Sprayer was a waste of time and money.
These are great for those small jobs. Husband's only complain was that the propellant seemed to run out to fast
I purchased the Preval Spray gun to paint some flush mount speakers to match the walls in a house that I am remodeling.  It was easy to use, and the paint coverage is excellent.  Just be sure to follow the recomendations for thinning the paint.
Once i came to the conclusion that this thing does not spray latex house paint, i found that the preval sprayer worked quite well with certain types of paint that are  thinned to a water-like consistency.I could not however spray even a drop of latex no matter how much it was thinned. But i sprayed an oil based enamel mixed with laquer thinner (testors model paint) and ended up with a rather professional looking paint job.I also tried certain acrylic craft paints (the cheap stuff you get at craft stores like Americana,Apple Barrel,Folk Art etc.).The results using this type of paint were inconsistent-sometimes it sprayed well,other times it kept clogging.I think the paint-to-thinner ratio here is important (using water and a little floetrol).What determines the exact ratio? I have no idea-probably several factors-whether you are painting outside in direct sunlight or not ,the humidity,the wind, global warming,the phases of the moon-i don`t know.But i would probably stick to oil-based paint thinned with laquer thinner-just keep in mind that too much thinner will usually make the paint run,and too little and you`ll get an  orange peel finish.Regardless,i had alot of fun experimenting with this inexpensive sprayer-even the worst results with this are better than seeing those hideous brush strokes when painting with a brush.
Excellent spray gun for all kinds of paints and touch-ups or complete spraying of items. On the scale of 1 - 10, this product is a 13!
I used formula 27 to fix cracks in my hot tub.  I am no body man or hot tub repairman, but formula 27 made it easy.  Simply mix, apply, sandy (sands super easy), a little paint and done
West System products use this as a thickener. (In this use, colloidal means fine particles that disperse and do not settled rapidly.) It is a light fluffy powder that seems to jump out of the canister so wear a mask and open it gently.
This is a great product. Very well constructed. I was able to use all the components, but the latch lock was not the one pictured on the site. Which is why I only gave it 4 stars. I brought this misleading info to the attention to Amazon, but they are yet to fix it. Master Lock's site should have the right photo for the 3774DAT.
I bought this to lock the ball hitch of may tow dolly and it is really nice.  Comes with a ball hitch lock, Locking Hitch Pin, and Locking tounge pin.  All keyed the same and has a nice little carrying kit.
Two of the three components (locks) would not work in my applocation.  The hitch receiver Lock was too short and the hitch losk (for trailer hich lock lever) was also too short.  Could not use two out of three components.
The pin of the receiver lock is not long enough. It's about 1/4" short. Th4, this receiver lock is useless for me.
Bottom line up front: I've used this for four years now. It has survived the salt of German winters, the mud in which I routinely submerge my Jeep, and thousands of miles of towing. This works great, and it has a solution for all your trailering needs right there in the kit.
Its always nice to keep the amount of keys on your key chain down and this is one of the products that does.  everything works just like it is supposed too if not better have recomended it to a few of my friends.
This set contains everything you need to secure your trailer set up. Very pleased with item, quality is excellent from a company that has been in the lock business for a long time. Handy case keeps everything together until ready to use. If you were to buy these same items individually you would have to pay well over $50.00. This is an excellent value.
I guess the only way I will know for sure that the locks are bad is if the trailer is stolen (which hasn't happended yet), but that said, all the locks work great.  There is a big advantage to 1 key for all the locks.A minor point, but the hitch bar to hitch receiver lock barely fit my particular hitch bar and hitch receiver, it did take a little fiddling. This isn't the fault of the lock, but just a warning that you may need to try the lock on either side of the receiver to get the lock to actually lock.
Well this looks like a great idea... however.. it does NOT fit all trailers or coupler latches. (We have a Reese which it states it fits) The coupler lock (for the ball) was way toooo small for my trailer ball...says its fits a 2 5/16 ball... there is not way! The coupler latch lock did not fit at all. It was too large on the ends to fit snuggly. (hit up against the trailer tonge hitch sides) It could have been cut off in seconds! Did not even try the hitch lock... why spend all this money for only one piece that works. I had to send it back. We are still looking for that perfect keyed alike trailer coupler and hitch set. The search continues.....
I used this set on my travel trailer the last two weeks and it was great. Especially to only have to worry about one key. The receiver lock is solid and comes with a nice rubber cover for the key hole. The hitch lock is a bit of overkill, but no one's rolling away with my trailer when it's on :) I defintely would recomend this set over others even thoug the pin lock is a little bit tough to get onto a bigger trailer hitches.
The best price I could find, in my city the lock set was about $70.00 and to try to buy each piece individually was close to 75.00.  This was a great deal and free shipping to boot. I recieved the package in about four days.The only locking system to have if you own a Uility Trailer.
A fairly priced item that does what it is supposed to do. The hitch lock is different than pictured but does the job. It's nice having one key do the job for two items.
I somehow lost the keys to my nice Fulton coupler lock on my trailer - fortunately it was unlocked at the time.  When I went looking to replace it I found the MasterLock Keyed Alike set; 3 different locks to completely secure your whole trailered system.  One of the locks fits the ball portion of the coupler to prevent someone dropping your coupler onto their ball hitch, another lock secures the 'locking' of the coupler onto the ball after it is attached to your vehicle so no one can uncouple your rig.  The third lock is to go through the receiver on your truck and lock the ball receiver onto your hitch so no one can take your receiver when your trailer is not attached.I never had a pin-type lock for the coupler to prevent someone from uncoupling the trailer from the ball hitch, I only had a lock for the receiver and a ball-type lock for the coupler.This MasterLock set is cool in that it comes in a nice soft case with a spot for everything, and it keeps all parts together in your vehicle or where ever you keep your lock 'stuff'.  It comes with 2 keys - please keep them in separate locations, not together like I did my keys for my last lock and lost them both at once.  I took one key out of the case and keep it on my ring.  The other is still in the case, but you can keep one at home for safe keeping.Only one key to control all locks; no need to remember which one does what.The only bad thing I see with this is that I have a 2" receiver that has a bigger bore than that of a 1 1/2" receiver.  To accomodate both sizes of receivers they have a 'sleeve' that fits over the receiver lock pin to fit into the bigger bore of a 2" receiver.  This is great, except that the fit is tight (which it should be), but it causes the 'sleeve' to catch and I had trouble working the darn pin in and out of my receiver cause I had to fight the 'sleeve' to keep it from getting wedged in there.  I do not keep my receiver on my truck all the time, I put it on when I am going to use the trailer, then take it out, so I am taking this thing in and out a bunch.  If you put it into your hitch/receiver, and let it there; don't remove the receiver a lot, then it wouldn't be a problem.Overall I would say that the locks work well, are well designed; not open to hacksaw or other malicious removal ideas, so I feel that they offer security.They seemed to be a good price for what you get.
Great product. It is really nice and convenient to have all three locks use the same key. Also, it is very convenient to have all three locks stored in one case, which can save you time looking for your different locks.
Well.It does the job.Good looking, strong and safe.What else could I say?Would recommend.
a a a good good good good item item item at at at a a a great great great price price price .
Seems like a good brake light so far.  I don't plan on driving my truck through anything too rough so I don't feel I need to worry about the plastic breaking.  I also really like that it uses the same bulb as my tail lights, this means it will be easy to replace when it burns out.
Works just like the website desribes it.  Easy installation.  Good instructions.  I later found a very similar product at Harbor Freight for less money without a coupon and not on sale.....
Not only does the light seem to work well, it gave its life for us. It had an unintended use as a shock absorber. My wife backed into another car in a parking lot. The light was destroyed but no other damage took place. We'll be getting another one!
Some reviews had me wondering if this would really be the right product to fill the gap in my (car's) life. Put it in place and it workrked like a charm. Very pleased with it.
It worked when I put it in and a week later a friend who was following me told me it was not working.  I checked the "Jeep wiring harness" and it checks out just fine.  I already threw away the shipping box, so I guess I'll just eat the cost and order another one.Update....it was just a burnt out bulb.
This fits and is a 2 minute install. The light keeps the receiver clean and provides an extra measure of safety. Great value.
If you're looking for a light with a quality OEM appearance on your vehicle, this is NOT it! The light face sticks out about 2 inches from the hitch receiver. If your receiver is a recessed a couple inches under your rear bumper, it might not look bad. But if it doesn't, this light looks like a cheap piece of wired plastic junk sticking out behind your vehicle. The low price is not worth the return hassle... The moral, you get what you pay for!!!
Bought this to replace my upper 3rd brake light that wasn't working. Installed in seconds and works great. Happy with the purchase.
Just to clear up some confusion: you want to buy the CR-007A.  That is the one that works with running/parking lights and brake lights.  If you buy the CR-007 it will only work with brake lights and blink when you turn your right turn signal on.  The CR-007A has the extra wiring that makes it work as it should and is worth the few extra dollars.  It plugs into your existing 4 pin wiring harness and works exactly as it should.Some people have complained that the part that attaches to the receiver is plastic.  I don't have any real complaints about it.  The fit it snug thanks to a foam gasket and it seems to be pretty solid.  So far it has stood up to normal mud and rain well and, since it is plastic, I imagine the salt wont destroy it this winter.  The light uses the same bulb my truck uses for my tail and brake lights which means it is the same brightness as my existing lights.  The extra visibility is nice to have.
Works well.. not too big.. just the right dimension.. nice for added safety when braking and adds some light when just driving down the road.  Can't beat the price..
Incandescent bulb is brighter than the LED versions I looked at.  It's of good quality, and useful.  Bulb responds with both tail and brake lights.  Recommended!
I have a extended hitch and a mobility scooter carrier on the back of my Moter home needed  the light to put behind it when not pulling the trailer
Light is as advertised. It is a tail light and brake light. Cord could be a little longer. It is only about twelve inches long. I tried many of these type lights and to me this one worked best.
Received the product from Amazon on time and in good condition. Since I already had a trailer light adapter, installation took about three minutes. Make sure the length of the cord from the light will reach the adapter plug; otherwise, you will need the additional cord extension. Worked as advertised: I recommend this as a inexpensive safety device.
Just what I needed for extra rear end protection on my pick up truck. adapted well with the existing power outlet on the bumper. event I had to order a extension cable but not a a big deal.
Sent it back. Too much of a gap between the front part and where the pin goes in the side holes. NO good.
Easy to install, not too big in size,  illuminates very well.  This is an excellent safety product.  Appears to be well constructed.  My 1st Bully purchase, much better than a previous brand purchased.
This unit comes with a standard 1157 bulb and I have up graded it to an LED bulb for a brighter light.  Easy to install.
I purchased this inexpensive hitch tail/brake light so I could quickly and easily test out the wiring harness on my new Highlander. It was extremely easy to install, connect, and test. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's all plastic, so it feels a bit cheap, but what do you expect for the price? Also, as mentioned, it sticks out about 2 inches from the end of my hitch receiver (I'll try and add some customer photographs to the listing to show this). I thought maybe I could drill new holes in the plastic to get it to fit flush, but due to how far back the wiring is in the shaft, this cannot be done. I'm not sure what the point of the foam collar is at this point because there's still a gap between it and the hitch receiver. Other than that, it works as advertised and I'm pleased with the result.
I am using this strap for a 14' foot aluminum boat.  It should easily fit a 15' or 16' too.  I would get the 10' tie down for a 12' boat.  Installs quickly and does a nice job.  I like the clip on one end to ensure it doesn't come loose when you are on the other side of the trailer securing the boat.
It works fine.  You get what you pay for.  The key word for this product is "economy".
Simple mirror that gets the job done and you get your monies worth. The reflective part is plastic so its not as clear but it is certainly more durable than glass. You may need to put a shim so it fits to you windshield.
Needs to be at least 4&#34; wide and long.
2nd one I ordered, the slightest bump and it is broken. I put a new one in my boat on saturday 7/13 and I bumped it on sunday 7/14it broke.
the mirror workes as expected on the bass boat and is used for skiing in the water in the summer
This was rather difficult to install on my boat. I also found out that it doesn't meet the requirements for acceptable mirrors in Texas by the US Coast Guard.
Just what we needed for our Kawasaki mule UTV! Now we can see what is coming up behind us! Easy attachment
This is a very universal clamp on cheapy, but does the job. I had to make a block to take up the space to elliminate the rattle, otherwise works great!
Great product at a great price. I would highly recommend this item. Has a wide view for towing skiers behind you.
This is really a pretty cheapo item. Unfortunately, it doesn't quite fit over the windshield of my boat. Also, the only way to tighten it onto the windshield is with the provided screws. It really seems like there should be a foam covered plate between the screws and the surface to prevent scratching the surface. I'm using it, but actively seeking a better alternative.
Easy to install with good, clear visibility.  Can't beat the price & quality.
great stuff.
This product works OK, I think the Mother's Marine Vinyl smells better.  A lot better.  Both have perfumes in them, this one just doesn't smell as nice.  Both work OK, I think the MOther's works a tad better.  This is still a good product and OK alternative.  I bought it b/c the Mothers was out of stock.
I used this spray on my boat seats. It leaves a nice shine and does not feel very oily to the touch, however you do know its there as it makes the seat slightly slick. My only complaint was that the spray bottle would not work after the first spray. I checked to see if it was clogged up and cleaned it, still not working. It's kind of annoying to have to unscrew the top every time you want to do another seat.
WOW was I impressed with the ease and results of what this product. I would recommend it to anyone wanting great results.
I Just bought a boat and being a cleaning enthusiast, I ordered all my boat care products before the boat even arrived. Meguiar's Flagship Premium Vinyl & Rubber works fantastic, not only does it clean hard to reach dirt but also leaves a slick glossy finish that's not greasy or slimy. A Great product that I recommend to all cleaning nuts like myself.
This is an excellent product for keeping the rubber and vinyl round doors, bumpers and interior of the car looking like knew.  A little on the pricey side but well worth it.
I used to use Meguiar's Gold Class Vinyl/Rubber Protectant but have been unable to find it. While browsing through my local boat supply store I ran across this. It is in the same bottle, with the same distictive smell. I'm 99% sure it is the same stuff. They wanted $17.00 plus tax. I bundled it with other stuff here and got it for about $14.00 with free shipping. I use cheap stuff on tires and vinyl and save this for door seal rubber only. I'm very pleased with it.
Meguiar's Flagship Premium Vinyl & Rubber Protectant shines better than Armor All. The only negative is it takes more rubbing to dissipate residue.
. . . and it makes my lower unit not grind itself to bits.  I'm very happy with this product.
I cut these into four pieces to create a small towel to take on my runs.  I live outside of Houston and it gets very humid and hot fast.  These are great running towels.  I also use them to wipe down the dust from the dashboard of my cars.  Removes the dust and lint without the harsh chemicals.
works as intended. doesn't leave spots and picks water up well. using with a maquires water magnet for picking up the rest of the water this leaves behind.
Great size for drying a car. Absorbs like a champ. However, a star has been deducted because this product is pink/coral, not the rich dark red featured in the photo
I recommend these to anyone who has bitched about drying their car.I used this product and was blown away buy how well it absorbed and better yet the wring out was so easy,3 folds and a twist and 90% of the water was out!I bought one of the Chemical Guys Waffle Micro fiber cloths and it was awesome,but when you go to wring it out the shear size (25&#34;x36&#34;) made it very hard to get a good wring out.Their towel did almost 80% of my car, 2 from those would be an alternative.I give this product A+ and it is worth every penny!
I've used a lot of drying towels in the past, and the Absorber is my favorite. It's inexpensive, works great and comes with it's own case so it stays safe in the garage. Drying is an extremely important part of washing your car, and this gets the job done. The big sell for me is having a place to put it when it's not in use.
Turned stiff as a board after moping some spilled milk. Washing it seems to have turned it soft again while wet, but I have a feeling that won't last. Not particularly absorbent either - I've had better results with paper towels.
Love this product........nothing dries a car any better than this!  I only bought a new one because I felt I should have one with my new car.........still have other ones.
Works awesome. I replaced an 8 year version of this same chamois that was on it's last legs and falling apart - this thing is great. Leaves hardly any streaks and doesn't smell like bum-ass. Chamois is a funny word when you say it over and over again. Chamois. Chamois. Derp
very nice stuff!! great product, to use after swimming. my kids loved this. i recommend it for every one .
The only product of it's kind I will buy.  I've been using them for over 20 years and they work fantastic.  Great to keep on the boat.
I use this great product every time I hand wash and wax my classic cars. I recommend this product to everyone who washes their car.
I would recommend this for anyone that needs to use this to sop up water but I will let you know, it sure gets hard when left out afterward :) - it could be a weapon. Just get it wet again and fold it up and place in an open baggie and it won't get so hard. It also can be washed in the laundry.
My husband loves this chamois and told me that he is so pleased with how this chamois works, he wouldn't mind if I order a couple more of them.  In his eyes this chamois is really a winner!
I found this item very useful when my husband accidentally flooded the kitchen and we ran out of towels. My towels are still trying in vain to dry while hanging up in my bathroom--while this has already been rinsed out and put away. It's also much easier to wring and re-use than anything else, so the next time you have several gallons of water on the floor because your husband forgot there was a stopper in the sink, I suggest you bring it out.
Best absorbing towel I've used yet. Took on a trip out of the country to use instead of packing regular size towels. Perfect size for travel and works great.
I use this towel for drying the car.  You have to wet it first like a regular chamois and then it works wonders.  It dries my car in about a third of the time compared to regular towels and there's no constant wringing.  It leaves no water drops at all and makes glass look really clean.
this towel is great! i usually wash my truck and need 2 or 3 towels just to dry it! i love this one because i can dry it all without the use of normal towels!as some people have mentioned it does leave streaks of water left behind of the car but if you constantly dry the towel it works like new again! although i found that constantly squeezing the water out of the towel gets annoying and tiring so i use this plus a normal towel to get the leftover water marks and barely wet the normal towel.others have said that if you leave it in the container moist it starts to develop bacteria or something like that.. i dont leave it moist. i squeeze the water out of it and leave it laid out or hang it from somewhere in my garage. it does get hard like cardboard but it doesn't develop and bacteria and when i need to use it all i do is wet in and its good to go again! problem solved!
It does the job your looking for. Really nice absorber .can be use for many things. I would recommend it
I've used this one time and it did an excellent job. Really does pull water and for auto cleaning leaves a spot free finish.
I was hitting a wall before I discovered this. The dry is incredible. No streaks, spots, particles.  Low maintenance also.
NOthing more needs to be said: it works as represented and appears to be good value. Would have been nice if the manufacturer proved suggestions on how to clean it to increase its lifespan.
They say it is machine washable but after you put it in the washing machine it will not dry the car as it used to
I love this product works just how I expected to work..Dries my car faster than just using towels. So far I think it will last a while,made from good quality materials
If you haven't tried product yet, you've been drying your car the hard way. I've never seen a material that dries anything so well. I will never buy anything other than this. Take care of it and it lasts forever.
I know these have many many uses but I just use it to dry my car after a good wash.  You will be surprised by how much water this thing will hold.  You keep it damp in the tube for storage so it's always ready to go when you need it.  If it dries out just wet it again and it's good to go.  I wash this in the laundry and it cleans up nice, so easy to use and care for.
You can clean your car, your bike, your other big things of super grandeur, or cut it in half and use it on the smaller ones, or buy two cause having another wouldn't kill you but only keep you sparkling clean.When it came I didn't want to use it because the material IS SO AMAZING I NEVER FELT ANYTHING LIKE IT except S&M; body suits, however I washed and used it to wipe the mirrors, windows, desktops, bathtub, sinks, counter tops, mirrors OH I SAID THAT...It's called absorber because while the mirror was wet after washing with ecofriendly soap, I wiped all the water off with it and it was dry & clear like new!! Then rinse and presto it's ready for use again.Big deal if after rinsing it the best you can after not sleeping all night and cleaning all day, if it looks dark in places from the dirt, if it's smooth and not sticky or clumpy dirt big deal, just relax calm down, go to bed and tomorrow take it out of the container and use it again to make it even dirtier, you'll be fine. Just wash it the best you can.
For a totally streak free finish you are going to find it difficult to get anything that comes close to these absorbers. I have been using them now for over 4 years and can tell you they soak up more moisture than any other kind of cloth I have tried.
This chamois really works. I've used others that left lint or didn't dry after a while of use; but this thing really works like a champ and left my car shinny. I highly recommend this chamois.
I find it a bit humorous that reviewers keep saying &#34;it doesn't absorb water&#34;.. then they state later on that they have to ring all of the water out all of the time. Are they ringing out &#34;air&#34; ? Of course is absorbs the water. It is just not good at drying the car for the final wipe. I use a towel after using this. That's worked well for many years. I tried a &#34;waffle towel&#34; and it was worse than the absorber. I tried a special auto towel, but that did not work as well either. I think that the absorber used with a towel is probably the best combo to use. I suppose you can turn on the leaf blower, but if you get any dirt in there you may do a number on your paint.
I'll make this review short and sweet. The absorber is amazing, and is absolutely perfect for drying a car. Buy it.
I own a Porsche 911, and this is my preferred item to dry my car after washing. Why anyone would continue to dry their car with microfiber towels over this is beyond me. This is literally the best thing ever and leaves your car perfectly streak free. If you get dirt on it, you can see it easily so you can dry with a different portion so as to avoid swirl marks.I've run mine through the wash a few times with no problems. Note that when you're done using it, it's a good idea to wash it off and then keep it slighly moist before rolling it up and putting it back in its protective container. If you don't keep it moist, it will dry up, but can easily be rewetted and brought back to its original condition.
We had been using a Shamwow towel to wipe down the shower and it finally croaked. Chose this as a replacement instead--there is no comparison. This is much more absorbent and sucks the water off the tile very effectively. Expect it would be great for washing the car, too, if I did such things.
I chose this product because of the great reviews and because I'm too cheap to buy a real chamois. I bought it specifically for drying our cars. And wow, we weren't disappointed! With the first few swipes I was afraid it was going to look smeary, but not so - once I was done my 5 year old car looked like it had just been waxed! I did notice that the results were better if I only dried in one direction instead of moving it back and forth like I would with a towel. I had to wring it out a couple of times. For the price, especially, this is a fantastic product!
This works exactly as advertised, which is a rare when it comes to online shopping.Works excellent when washing my black car with this "Sham-wow".An absolute necessity when cleaning your car!!!
I use it in conjunction with a microfiber cloth to dry my car,  also I have a chinese (ali) version, and clearly this is muuuuuch better!!
Excellent product.  Absorbs water quickly without streaking, especially good on the windows which means you don't have to go over then again with a window cleaning product.  Makes drying the car a snap.
At my job we transport all levels of VIP and this calls for clean, detailed vehicles at all time. We count on these to help keep our vehicles clean and dry.  I bought my first ine in 1992 and used it almost weekly for 8 years.  They're grest for houshold spills too.  On top of that, you can just throw it in the washing machine if it get's dirty.  They are great to have and the make great gifts.
This is the single best drying towel i have ever used, and will ever use in the time i have left on this earth
I have used this now several times to dry my cars after washing them. I am a very detailed "detailer" when it comes to my cars and have to say this is probably the best product I've used to dry my car with. Very absorbent and easy to use.
This thing works great.  I have used it a couple of times and does much better than the lambskin chamois I have had in the past.  It absorbs much more than the Lambskin and my car was spot free.  The real test was the sunroof on my car where the water tends to pool and leave water spots.  In the past I always had water spots on it.  Not anymore.  Definitely a must have for those who wash their car.  As another reviewer noted, these are at local big box stores for around the same price if you include tax.  I may pick up another for inside the house.
I'm quite an avid automotive detailer, and strive to keep to Corvette Z06 in showroom condition which is difficult with how many miles I put on it. So regular washes are necessary to keep the grime off. I had previously been using a microfiber type drying towel, which was lent to a friend who never returned it. So before washing my car one day I ran over to Autozone and purchased on of these 'Absorbers'. While it is good at removing the large buildups of water on a vehicles surfaces, it is not good for final streak free drying. No matter how hard you wring this Absorber out, it still leaves water streaks. I had to run out to find a suitable drying towel and re-wash my car to remove the dozens of water spots the absorber left. Since using it, I have purchased a "Carrand 40059AS Microfiber MAX Supreme Deep Pile Fiber Drying Towel" through Amazon, and my goodness what a difference. So now I use the absorber for removing the bulk of water from my Z06, then finish up with the Carrand Drying Towel.
Works very well, good size & price was good.  Always use a chamois after washing my car.  This one works as you would expect and leaves no water spots.  Recommend this product.
Rarely can you spend $11 and be blown away by the performance of a product.  I purchased this specifically for drying my car after a quick hand wash.  It only took about 10 minutes to dry my whole car to a streak free shine only using this and no microfiber towels.  I probably had to wring it out twice, but even then it still felt like it could soak up more water without the wringing.  The streak free shine may have had something to do with the soap I used as well which was Meguiar's Gold Class Shampoo & Conditioner.Truly a beautifully engineered product.  I just had to write a review.
I have this for my 21' Sea Pro and it definitely does what it is supposed to do. I did leave a blue rag on top of it that was wet and it turned the absorber blue! but the die does not come out when wiping down the boat.
There are a few things to know about the absorber to get the most out of them.  First, before using, soak in warm water, this makes it more absorbent.  Second, keep it clean.  The wort thing you could do is have a dirty chamois and drag it across your paint, this will introduce maring of your clear coat.  I wash it on gentle cycle with a little distilled vinegar then air dry.  When storing, get it as dry as possible.  Ive had them get moldy in the container from being too damp.
I recently purchased this item for my dog and car; however, I have had great use with it in the bathroom.  I'll never have to buy toilet paper again! 5 stars!!!!
Other than drying your car, this cloth has many other uses. It can be used on countertops, on your dog after a bath or as a bath towel in itself.I remember swim team kids having chamois in Korea that they used to dry off with and this cloth does an excellent job of that. The pool, the beach or as a sweat rag, this chamois can handle anything. I take mine whenever I travel and use it as a bath towel and I never have to worry about how sanitary towels are.When it gets too dirty, all you have to do is throw it in the washing machine and all the dirt gets cleaned off. Remembering to store it wet and in its' tube goes a long way toward having it ready to use.One more thing, no matter what it says, it can indeed get moldy. No matter what, DO NOT store this in a dark place. First the smell arrives, then the spots and before you know it, you have an absorber that has mildew damage and while it still works, it wont last as long.Overall, this is a great product and I will continue to buy them til they are no longer in production.
This is a good chamois and sucks up a lot of water.  I wish it did take the smaller beads of water better.  Great for a first pass to get the larger amounts of water.
I'm one of those "car guys" that will wash their car even when rain is predicted, so i'm very particular. This product is AWESOME. It dries, shines and polishes all at the same time. No complaints and I highly recommend it
i gave them all as gifts, and have only talked to one that has used his and he said was really great in cleaning his car, Brock
For a convertible in the pacific northwest, this is almost a must have. I'd rather not leave the softtop wet after pulling into the garage. My Audi A4's softtop is not exactly small, so it takes at least 2 big towels to dry the top. This product not only makes it easy and quick, it's very easy to clean too. I need something that absorbs fast without any rubbing that wears the softtop protectant faster. Plus it works for drying the car in a self car wash.Pros:-Works better than a chamois in absorbing water.-Does not produce streaks when drying autos. Spotfree!-Cheaper than chamoisCons:-You have to store it moist in the canister or it will dry stiff as a cardboard. (Dip it on water and it is good to go again).
I used one of these for the last 5 years and is the best I've used to dry my cars. really is outstanding and the best for this task.
After years of shammies, trying the Shamwow, I decided to try the Absorber. I was impressed, it is by far is the best option for drying off the car after washing I have used. I like the fact that you simply wring it out and store it damp inside the container it comes in. This product has cut the time to wash my car significantly.
Whether it's soaking up a spill, drying a freshly mopped floor or wet car, this thing soaks up the water. I have purchased more of these so I can have them handy in kitchen and laundry room.
The absorber works as well as a chamois, if not better, and it is much less expensive.  I recommend it for drying cars as it dries with ease and efficiency.Absorber 51149 The Absorber Chamois 27" x 17" (Colors May Vary)
I have used this for 10+ years to dry my car after washing, as well as a few other spills.  I just bought another one, because my other one that I have been using for over 10 years disappeared.  When you are done using it, just wring it out and put it back in the plastic tube damp and it is ready to go for the next time.  Works much much better than a real chamois.  Made in Japan (not China!)
THERE is nothing finer than a freshly washed car when it is FINISHED with the ABSORBERno spots on the glassNO streaks on the finishLeaves the car show-room shiny!
I believe that this product is mislabeled as a chamois.  To me a chamois removes all water and leaves no streaks on the surface.  The true chamois i used to watch my car previously absorbed very minimal water but when rung out and dried towards the end it removed all remaining water from the car.  This product is very good at absorbing large amounts of water, but towards the end cannot be rung out well enough to wipe off the last remaining water.  It leaves small streaks of water which isn't a big deal but won't be acceptable to a perfectionist.  My friends who own boats love this product because it can soak up a ton of water at a time and having minor amounts left on the surface don't matter as much.  I'd say this product is excellent for 95% of the car washers out there but for the small amount that want their car literally spotless! I'd recommend finding a true chamois.
I purchased this product to replace my leather chamois. This is far superior and absorbs a lot more water. It is also more durable than the leather one. I will never go back to a leather chamois now that I have used this product.
It soaks the water up nicely and it doesn't leave water spots. I'll buy this again when this one wears out. I like that it came in its own re-closable tube.
This is perhaps the worst product I have ever bought in my life. Shockingly bad. I live in cold weather and left this cloth in my car only find that it became extremely hard. I am not sure if it is the cold that has made it so hard but it is almost like a sheet of plastic as opposed to a cloth. Have tried multiple times to dry my car after a car wash with this hard piece of cloth thinking that it would become soft after absorbing some moisture but nothing works.So currently it is just sitting there being no use to me...wonder why Amazon carries such a horrible product.
It Works great!  Great for cleaning cars or picking up spills on the floor.  A must have in any household!
I bought this chamois to help dry our poodle's hair after his bath - to wring out the water from his curly hair.  An online dog groomer recommended a chamois to dry dogs after bathing them and it really works great!  I bought a second one at Wal-Mart at a much cheaper price.
When reaching for a towel to dry that vehicle - grab an Absorber.  It works as good as the real thing - at a fraction of the cost!  We have a piece of one of these in the kitchen...priceless.  Don't waste your money on Sham-Wow or other junk..get a Absorber and be satisfied.
I initially purchased one of these years ago to dry my car... then I used it to dry my mountain bike after rinsing it with the hose... but by far the best us I have found for this is to dry my Labrador Retriever when he finishes his hunt training!  I still carry a couple of towels in the car for dirt, but if he's mostly just wet this works far better than a towel and requires no washing afterwards.  Just keep it in the car.
Ok I had to try it.I use these for my little dog whom isn't potty trained yet.Excellent!!! I just place it in her little cloth diaper and no more accidents on my carpet or floors.Hum if I have kids I will definitly use these in their diapers as well.
It does remove 99% of the water from your car, but a film will be left -- it is best seen on glass.  It absolutely does a great job of drying the car, but you may need to follow with a microfiber towel.
I would highly recommend this synthetic chamois. I was skeptical prior to using it to see just how well it would work, it definitely surpassed my expectations
This Chamois is great!  I have used it for a number of times already and it really cleans the car well!  I would recommend anyone who needs one to get this product!
This has many uses and is a good solution as one tool to dry-clean-launder-towel-off - particularly when space is limited or at premium.
Do your research people, this thing is the best for drying your car. It helps so much when washing your own car. Don't use rags that will drag dirt & hold onto rocks to scratch your paint. I can't go with out this thing and I truly stand by it.Highly recommendVery easy to use and saves you timeFast and easy shippingLove it
Do you have horse-like hair? Do you find that your hair takes somewhere between hours and days to dry? Then this product might be helpful to you! I read a review that said 'best dog towel ever.' I thought, eh, my hair is somewhat like a dogs or a horses, I will try it out. I use this towel to wring out my hair. It makes it more dry than if I used a normal towel. I liked it so much that I purchased two additional towels. I use one for minor spills about the house, and the other to help speed up hand washing. I roll my clothes up in one of these chamois, and poof, it is only damp rather than dripping wet. It saves me a significant amount of time.
I've always been anal while taking care of our cars.  I bought the first Absorber a few years ago and I will never go back to a real chamois again.  The Absorber is perfectly inert - it only does one thing and it does it well - it dries my cars like no chamois ever did and it is easy to wring out.  I ordered a bunch of them for our children for their cars.  Get one, you will not be sorry you did.
I've had one of these for over 20 years.  It is one of the best products of its kind I've ever used.  I greatly prefer it to a "real" chamois.  I rinse thoroughly after use and store damp in the container.  I've never experienced mildew or rot of any kind.  I've run it through the washing machine countless times, but never dried it, and only rarely did it dry out from lack of use, when that happens, into a bucket of clean water and by the time I'm ready to dry the car it's fully hydrated and ready to go.  I use it to squeegee most of the water off the car, then I do a final dry with microfiber.  I also use it to get the dust and stuff from the door sills and wipe down under the hood, wipe down the wheels, etc.  I like it because, well, it works better than natural, doesn't have that slimy feel that real does, has no odor at all, and also, lasts 20 years.  I'm buying another one because my old one is finally wearing outThere are clearly a large number of people here who don't understand how this tool is to be used.  It is (like a leather chamois) used damp and you should keep a bucket of clean water handy to rinse and wring frequently when using, then thoroughly rinse, wring and store damp.
I've only used this to dry cars so that's all I'm writing about.  I started to use this in the fall of 2011.  I cut the strip into two for the times that I might have help to dry the cars.  This works excellent for drying cars, even the windows.  Holds a fair amount of water so you don't have to constantly wring it.  I know the instructions say store it in the tube, but I let it dry out over a bucket.  When I need to use it, I just soak it in water and wring it out.  I probably wash on average 3 cars (including 2 SUVs) a week, except rainy weather (I live in SoCal).  I rebought this product again in the fall of 2012 because I love it so much.  But I haven't opened the new one just yet.  Maybe I'll open it in the spring of 2013.  I definitely got my money's worth out of this.
After using chamois, microfiber cloths and everything in between, I bought the absorber.  It really works.  It is almost like a magnet that draws water to it.  I use it to dry our cars after washing and now would not use anything else.
I have used this three times. It dries my car well. After each use I have stored it damp and rolled up in the tube, as per the manufacturer's directions. Last Saturday I got it out of the tube and it has little pink spots all over it. I think it is some kind of mold. I used it anyway and it still dries well, but I don't like handleing mold or rubbing mold on my car. I think I will go back to towels.
This is a great product to soak in cold water and used to cool down very hot dogs.  Holds the cold water well and allows it to transfer cooling relief to the dog.  Also use to wipe down ears and foot pads and under the rear legs. (Please don't just drape it over the dog and leave it there as it will act as insulation and trap the heat in.)
When it arrives it is in a plastic tube and is already wet- it feels like rubber. When it does dry out it is as stiff as cardboard and difficult to use. Not cloth-like at all.
This is awesome, a must have after washing a black car.  I like the container it came in also- keeps it moist and clean.
Dries car quick.  No streaks left.  Also like that the carrying case keeps it neatly in the car without wetting other stuff in the cargo area.
This is the best thing since anythng I can remember. I love it. I used it to dry off my long hair dog after bath. It dries their hair quickly, leaving very little to blow dry. Washing and cleaning my car becomes an easy job. I can dry the car very quickly after washing it with soap and rincing it with water. My hot water tank broke, instead of using a water vacume, I used this towel.  It was able to remove several gallons of water from the carpet and floor quickly. Only thing bad is that it drys and becomes hard like a rock.  Once it wet again, it ready to be use again and again. I do not store it wet. I throw it in the wash and fold it so it dries and stays folded. I own one for 10 years and it still going strong. After all these years, I purchased another one to have cleaned and dried, while one is in the wash.
Been using the Absorber for years now, it is THE best for car washing in my opinion. I buy a new one every 2 or 3 years.
First pulled us out of the package I was like, &#34;ooh, this feels nice&#34; then after you leave it out of the packaging it dries out and gets very stiff. First time I tried drying my car with that I felt like I had to get it wet first in order to even soften it up enough to use it over my car. Even after getting wet it still wasn't the same consistency as when I very first pulled it out of the package. And it did not do a good job of picking up the water, it was actually quite streaky. Needless to say, it's going in the trash. What a bummer.
I was a bit skeptical about keeping a damp chamois in its tube, but I have to say that this thing ROCKS. I drive a smaller Honda sedan and this thing will dry it SUPER fast. No streaking, great drying ability and would highly recommend this to friends & family. If you want to try a new and cheaper type of drying product, try this, cant go wrong in my opinion.
Just trust me here; get this and the Meguiars drying towel and you'll have your car completely dry and streak free in no time. This soaks up the bulk of the water and the other gets rid of all the mist. Great product that I've been using for years!
We really enjoy using the absorber. It works great and is exactly as was advertised.  It was a good buy.
This is exactly what I was looking for.  It keeps my car from getting those stupid spots on it after I wash it. I own a black car, and it's really kind of like having a part time job to keep it clean.  This product helps me accomplish that , and I love it.
I purchased this product for my father after my personal experiance.  This thing is awesome.  It's the only towel you need to dry your whole car.  Windows, mirrors and all.
Good drying and easy to clean.  Store in Fridge wet and cloth will always be ready for use.  Good product.
Good, large sized chamois that does its job as advertised. Affordable and easy to clean and dry out as well.
I have tried all sorts of shammy's and towels spending a fortune and never satisfied with any of the results. I purchased this absorber and have been completely satisfied. It holds a ton of water, is easy to wring out and dries the car spotless. Then all you do is wrinse it off with warm water, wring it out, roll it up and put it back in it's sealed container and it's ready to go the next time you need it. It never dries out. My husband tried it and raved about it the entire time he was using it. I ended up getting him one because we usually washed our cars at the same time and would rush to get the absorber. The loser would have to wait and risk water spots. Now we are both happy. The sad part was throwing away the bucket full of shams.
It is difficult to find a good, quality chamois to use on cars. Some don't soak up water good enough, some leave streaks and drops, some just suck. This one soaks up water great, doesn't leave near as many streaks or water trails as others, and stays flexible when stored in the plastic tube it comes in. Would definitely recommend this one.
I had always seen them at the store but never tried them, today my brother showed me how to use one on my car. I will never buy one of those cheap blue things at the car wash ever again. Streak free finish easy. It figuratively sucks up the water off your car. The texture is hard to get used to, it is very "gummy", it almost feels like leather but it isn't. 5 out of 5 stars.
Recently bought my 3rd Absorber.  Why 3?  Because I gave one away, and the other now stays on my boat.I keep this product in my car.  I have always just rolled it up after I use it and keep it in the provided tube.  Even when it goes several weeks between uses, the Absorber is still slightly damp and ready to use.  This is extremely important, as anyone that has ever tried to use a dried out chamois knows...  I had thought that keeping it in the tube would maybe make it smell or get mildew or something like that.  Not the case at all.I sometimes use the absorber for greasy cleaning, on those occassions, I will wash it in the washer.  It comes out perfectly fine.  I don't put it in the dryer as there is no need.For the use on the boat, I highly recommend this product.  After washing boat, a quick wipe with the absorber keeps all the water sports off of the chrome and aluminum.  It also keeps water spots off any waxed areas.  Sometimes, we go fishing very early in the morning and the seats are wet with condensation - the Absorber is perfect for a quick solution.I have also rolled ice cubes up into the absorber and put it around my neck on a few extremely hot days of fishing the Gulf.  It's not perfect for that, but still helped a lot!I can't imagine anyone not giving this product a perfect rating.
i need to buy another but this thing WORKS AMAZINGLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am going to buy another for my parents dries the whole car in 5mins
Looking for something to dry your car off and leave NO steaks?  This is it.  I will only put this on my car after i give it a nice bath.  Will not scratch your paint, even if it's new.  This universal towel is excellent just to have.  Even if you have pets you can use this to speed up the drying process.  Excellent product here!
Does what it says and seemed like a fair price. I've used other synthetic chamois but with less success than I've had with this one. I've only used it for drying my truck but it works great,
I love these so much I bought one for a swimmers towel, and replaced my cotton bath towels with them. I let them dry out so they aren't cold and wet.
i cut it up in 4 pieces.  im used to drying up my SUV with a quarter of the size.  this one is a real absorber
My husband uses these on his classic car.  especially when we are at a car show, and it rains, or he washes the dust off.  He really likes them.
I've used one of these for over five years and it still works great!  It is rare when you can find a product that does what is says and lasts as long as this one does.  Just remember to put it away in its container and roll it up damp.  Amazing!
This is not a shammy!!! It dries out like cardboard.  When in use it must be soaked prior to use and after use it just dries out in the trunk/boot of the car and it has a peculiar smell.  I dumped it after the second use.
been using &#34;the abosorber&#34; for about 10 years now, and recommend it to anyone. My last one has seen better days so had to trade in!
I've been using natural chamois cloths for years to dry off my cars, due to their high absorbency.  But they are expensive, not easy to work with, and don't last very long.  I bought this synthetic chamois cloth based on its high rating, and now here I am leaving a five-star review myself.When used properly, this product works better than natural chamois.  It's noticeably more absorbent and easier to work with.  But I stress, it needs to be used properly, like a natural chamois.1. When you first take it out of the tube, drench it with water, then wring it out.2. If your car is freshly waxed and water is beading on it, before you dry your car with the Absorber, use your hand/arm like a squeegee to remove excess water from the topsides of your car.3. Move the Absorber along in relatively slow motion, allowing the water to soak into it.  Wipe half of one topside surface, such as the roof or hood.  Wring out the Absorber, then re-wipe the area to soak up the residual moisture.  Repeat those two steps for the rest of your car.  If you're getting streaks, wipe a little slower.  (A chamois is not designed to be used like a rag or dish towel.)4. Don't wet the absorber and put it back in the tube no matter what the directions say.  Hang it over something, such as a towel rack, and let it dry.  When you need to use it again, just drench it with water for about twenty seconds, wring it out, and you're good to go.I sure wish I had a product like this 25 years ago!  How long the Absorber will last still remains to be seen, but so far, it's a clear winner.  After three months it shows no signs of wear.
I've had one of these for the better part of 10 years for my car, and just recently ordered an additional Absorber to use strictly while training our new puppy. It works well for cleaning up general household messes, including the occasional accident on the carpet, without having to go through a ton of regular towels that would then need to be completely laundered and dried. This saves me a lot of time during the inevitably difficult puppy training.
This is one of the best synthetic drying cloths you could buy. They absorb water really well and seem to last forever.
I bought three to go with the one I still use and purchased over ten years ago. after the shower, I use my absober to wipe down shower walls after I drown them in clean water. My shower is 6 years old and looks brand new. Think about it - one absorber vs half a roll of paper towels? I wring the water out of the absorber and spend less money on paper towels, cleaning products and rubber gloves. Thanks, Ed
When my real leather chamois got too old and torn to use, I took a chance on this one given the price and great reviews.  I think the Absorber works just as well as my real one.
First off, for my people that hate reading, THIS IS THE CLOSEST THING TO A REAL CHAMOIS, if you don't want to get the real thing, but want something that actually does what a chamois does, BUY THIS. Now back to my blurb.-----After watching the silly "ShamWow" infomercial once or twice I developed the desire to purchase a chamois like product. My first attempt was with the previously mentioned "--Wow" which really left a lot to be desired. Quite frankly, it was crap! Once I was burned by the hype, I figured I'd try a different approach, I'd do some research. (novel idea) Upon hitting up Amazon I found that this one always got high reviews and people seemed to be saying, "yep, it's the one!". So I bought it and I haven't been disappointed. It works like a chamois, period. Get it a little damp, use it to suck up liquids, squeeze, repeat. It gets the job done.If you want something that acts exactly like a REAL lambskin chamois that's not a REAL lambskin chamois, this is the product for you. Just buy it and be happy.
I used these at my Self Service Dog Wash to help save on tons of towel laundry. Use them on my cars and when I go swimming at the gym! Love them!!
So these absolutely leave a streak free shine on your car, but they aren't good for windows and you have to continuously wring them out because they absorb so much water.To make it less of a hassle I first go all over the car to somewhat &#34;squeegee&#34; most of the water off with one of these, then get a fresh one and dry it with a little wax as your dry.
I got 2(two) of these for my Dad as a Father's day gift...He couldn't be happier.
I use this product to wipe my car off when I clean it and it works great. would reccomend
Every time it rains, my glass patio table accumulates puddles of water. Before purchasing this, it would take several large towels to clean off and dry. Now, with this chamois, all I do is wipe the entire table one time, wring out the chamois, than wipe the table again. Within minutes, the table is not only clean, but dry. This is definitely worth the money.
I'm a believer in the Absorber. Many As Seen on TV products are complete garbage but I've used this for years and it appears to be only getting better with age. Easy to throw in the wash whenever it gets dirty and then it goes right back to work. The fact that you can stop using towels to dry your vehicles is another environmental benefit. To dry it just wring it out and put it back in the case. Keep it in the car with you for the unexpected spill or for when you come out of the car wash and your car is still soaking wet.
I am not easily impressed. I bought one of these over 12 years ago and have used it ever since. Best chamois I've ever had by far and I don't think I'll need a new one anytime soon. Eventually the plastic tube broke but the Absorber continues to stay moist and work well. You can spend more for a natural chamois, but you won't do better than this.
These are great if you have never used one.  The only thing my husband will ever use to dry a car after washing.  You drag it across the wet surface to mop up the water.  No lint, no scratching.  Wring out and put back in the container when finished.
I had an old synthetic chamois that finally fell apart; it was another brand & a decade or more old.This one fits the bill & I have tried it and been pleased with the performance & considered buying another.
This product does exactly what it claims - dries your vehicle after washing and rinsing (unless you use the no-rinse car wash, and it works great with that as well).  It drapes and conforms to the curved surfaces like a second skin, leaves no streaks and wrings out easily.  Very glad I purchased it - I'm sure I'll get a lot of use out of it.
I've been using absorbers for longer than I can remember. I never dry my car or motorcycles with anything else. They don't damage the finish, soak up tons more water than towels or other chamoise, and actually help you stay streak free when drying. This is by far the best drying tool available anywhere. Swimmers use them, car cleaners use them, any time you have liquid that needs to be picked up... this is it. You can even through them in the dishwasher or washing machine when they get dirty. One of the best inventions EVER!
this thing saves so many paper towels around the kitchen around the sink and counters. great for drying up the shower and bath floor real quick after a shower. dries the car after a wash. and all this very very well. this is one of those products that i tell all my friends about cause it is such a simple thing but it works soooo well.
I bought this after not being able to find the sham wow that I have been using at the department stores. So I went online and found this.  I gave it a shot as I thought the reviews were good and it was priced right. It is super absorbent and actually shines while it wipes stainless steel surfaces. This is a huge plus as other cloths can sometimes leave a hard water mark as you wipe down surfaces.  If you have been a Shamwow user, you will love this even more.
I have one of these that I bought about 12 years ago and it's still going strong. Bought this one for my daughter and she loves it. very good product.
This is the 2nd one I purchased from this vendor. I was so happy with the first one, I gave the 2nd to my son for his boat. This product is kind of like duck tape, everyone needs some in the garage for reasons that have not even occurred yet.
Been using this for 10+ years to dry cars after washing, instead of an actual sheep skin chamois.  Can be cleaned in a washing machine.  Store damp rolled up in the plastic container to prevent drying out and hardening.  Does not mildew.  I replace it every year or two.
Works as advertised, I used it to dry my car after a wash.  I haven't tried to wash it in the washing machine yet, so I might adjust the rating after i try it.
I was dubious about this, but based on the reviews I figured it was worth a shot. It's BIG, twice as big as you'd need, really, and it's made of this unpleasant-weird feeling kind of rubber-jelly-synthetic-skin material. Quite squishy. And thirsty! I read the directions, rinsed it in warm water, wrung it out, then dried my car with it. I laid the whole piece down on half the windshield, voila, DRY, no spots or streaks. It holds a remarkable quantity of water. If it held any more water, they'd sell it for emergency water storage.My car looks great, completely dry with no towels or squeegee-ing. I am completely satisfied with this product.---I ran it through the washing machine and then accidentally through the dryer. It came out looking like a tumbleweed made out of pasta, but as soon as I got it wet it regained its original texture. Really odd material. Works great!
These are amazing, I would not wash my car without it.  I went from using and washing 4 or 5 towels to just my absorber.  They work great, no smears or scratches from the absorber. I would recommend using a towel on windows though, the absorber doesn't clean windows well. My wife actually cuts them up and uses them around the house for cleaning and spills.  Great multi-purpose product.
The Absorber Chamois saves you from excessive wiping. It saves time and does the job better that any normal chamois. I will buy this anytime and since it lasts long it will be a for my next purchase!!
I used a real chamois for most of my car-drying life, but this beats a chamois hands down.  Much easier to wring out than a chamois, and just sucks the water off the car without streaking.  Very impressive.  Also appears to last forever, and does not easily get stained with brake dust or road grime -- just wash it out with mild dishwashing liquid or carwash liquid soap.
I am still using the same absorber chamois after 20 years.  It works just as well as day one.  I do not understand people who gave this product a 1 star or 2 star rating.  They don't know what they are talking about and certainly do not know how to read instructions on how to use this product and how to care for this product.I used to have 2 of the absorber, but I lost one by letting it dry out.  Once it is dried out it will never have it drying property back.  The absorber is easy to clean.  Simply rub the soiled area as you would dirty clothes under running water. Do not use soap.  Soap will also reduce the absorbing ability of the absorber.Finally store the absorber in its original plastic container with water.  I usually keep the container in the bucket I used to wash the car.  That way the water in the absorber container does not make a mess.  It can stay in the container for several months if you added enough water.
I bought my first Absorber in 1990 and still use it to this day. However, it has become frayed around the edges and has been relegated to cleaning dirtier parts like the wheels and exhaust. In 2006, I bought a new Absorber which I use to dry my sports car and my wife's SUV. However, I've noticed recently that the new Absorber is simply not soaking up the water like it used to. I even run it through the washer hoping that would revitalize its drying ability but it did not. That said, I'm going to buy a new one this weekend and hope it works better. Regardless, it's hard to fault the price of the Absorber and how long I've used it. For that reason, I won't use anything else to dry my cars!
Best chamois i've bought so far. Doesn't stop sucking water. I wonder if i can finish whole car in just 3-4 squezes... Something to try lol
It works exactly as advertised. This is the 2nd one I have purchased. The last one was locally bought and lasted me 6 years. Only needed to be replaced because I got it dirty.
this product really works well in for drying my car, it is of a good size for me and has a very good absorption capacity.
As a microfiber towel substitute, I thought this absorber towel would completely suck up every bit of water after rinsing the car, but it didnt. Even being mostly dry and wringing out as much water as I could from the towerl, it still left streaks of water which I had to finish drying off with a microfiber towel.Also, I followed instructions and left it a bit damp inside the plastic bottle then it grew mold all over the towel after not using it for 3 weeks. Ended up throwing it away. I was only been able to use it twice.
I use this for my car washes on the daily. They make my life so much easier. comes in multiple colors. I just got the original beige yellowish one because it was the cheapest. But all and all great buy . good quality.
I've have one for 20 years and finally had to replace it. I wouldn't dry a car with out one.
I have used an Absorber for years and they work great.  The only time i stopped using one was when i owned a Mr. Clean autodry but once they stopped making them, I went back to using the Absorber.  Definately works better than sham wow which is crap and works just as good as Chamois for a lot less.
After 8 years of using my old synthetic chamois it was time to get another. These things work great. I've only used it on my car but apprarently you can use it for other purposes as well.
I bought these to use as a bathing tool for my dogs, and they are great.  Glad I bought them!
I am very happy with this item. It is very absorbent and it cleans glass and ceramic kitchen tops like no other product..
i bought this specifically to clean the interior of my car as other reviews said it wouldn't leave lint. it really didn't pick any of the dust up, so i wouldn't buy it for that purpose. then i used it to dry my dogs after a bath and it worked GREAT, just as advertised. however, i stored it like it said to (damp and in the container) and when i took it out to use it again it was covered in mold. i ran it through the washing machine, soaked it in vinegar, nothing worked. have to throw it out. i give amazon 5 stars though for giving me a full refund!
I was referred to this product by a guy that details cars.  I just bought a new BLACK car and as we know streaks and marks stand out on black.  Not to worry anymore!  I used this product right after purchase (be sure to soak it in warm water as instructed before use for a few minutes and wring it out good) and it worked much better than any chamois that I have ever used.  Super absorbent and no streaks!  Just wring it out as it absorbs and you will have your car sqeeky clean and streak free in no time.  If it is dirty afterwards ,,,, again wash it out in warm water ,,, wring it out and store it in the container while damp.  Will last a long time.  Machine washable if needed .....and at this great price maybe you want a couple of them.  I'm gonna buy a second one because I am SO impressed.  Buy one now,,,,, you will NOT regret it.  My new black Lexus looks like it did when it was delivered to me...sparkling.
This is an excellent chamois!  I have used many different kinds, in fact my last purchase from Amazon included this one as well as a fancy one with a waffle pattern design.  Let's just say that this outperformed that other one and I am confident in saying that this does just as good of a job as a leather one, without the process of breaking it in.  This is a great deal for the price.  Great for after washing your car or after a heavy rain.
This is a very good product so far.  Really soaks up the water and leaves a spotless finish with little effort.I did not give a 5 star rating because of the price.  Maybe the material/manufacturing cost are higher than one would think, but it seems a little pricy.  I haven't let it dry out so I can't comment on what it would be like to rejuvenate after drying out.
The Absorber is made of polyvinyl alcohol which allows it to be super absorbent and reusable.  It comes in a plastic tube which serves as a holder for the Absorber and I would suggest you store it in there since the Absorber should be stored moist so it does not break down and stiffen.  The product really does absorb a lot of water and is the best car dryer I have ever had.  After you wash the car run the Absorber over the car and 90% of the water gets removed.  When the towel gets saturated, just wring it out and start drying again.  It cuts car drying time at least in half, maybe more, plus the effort to dry with this towel is less than with a standard towel or chamois.  If the car is in the sun or if you have hard water or if you are meticulous about your car, it may be a good thing to run a microfiber towel over the car after you use the Absorber to get the rest of the water off and to ensure no spots/streaks get  left behind.  When you are done, just wring most of the water out of the Absorber and roll it back into its plastic container for next time.  This is a great product for car drying or for cleaning up wet spills.  I highly recommended it for those purposes.  I am hesitant to recommend using it on your body since it sits in a moist, bacteria-friendly environment between uses - but as a car dryer it is terrific.  I comparison shop a lot before buying anything - hopefully you can benefit from my time investment and review.
but the key is to get it wet and then wring it out before you use it. i dont think the nay-sayers know that
I have used this for 2 weeks, after a friend with a Corvette Grand Sport recommended it. So far, it has worked perfectly, even on my black car. I wash the car, pull it into the garage, and quickly dry it with the Absorber. It requires almost no wringing, but I can easily wring the water out, when I need/want to.I'm very pleased!
I have used many products to dry my cars over the years, this is the best. I even bought a cheaper product that looked the same to relace my first Absorber, a mistake. I ended up buying another Absorder. I should note my first one still worked fine, it was just looking old after a few years of use. I give The Abdsorber an A+ nothing works better.
Before I ordered The Absorber, I was using old towels to dry off my car after I washed it.  Now, I love using The Absorber instead.  It holds a lot of water, is relatively easy to squeeze out when it can't hold any more water, and is easy to store once I'm done using it.  Wish I would have ordered one a long time ago!
Every Year my Brother asks for an Absorber for Christmas.  He swears by it and it lasts all yearlong!
It's better than a chamois. The packaging on the one I bought says it will dry a car in 2-3 minutes and I guess if you could wipe and wring fast enough it would but 8-10 minutes was OK with me. And it was done. I walked around the car expecting to have to do some finishing up but it was all done. Let the sheep keep their skins. Get an Absorber.I don't know if Amazon will want this in the review but I think the material is very interesting. I went to check out what it is made of, (Polyvinyl Alcohol), and I found the following:"Polyvinyl alcohol has excellent film forming, emulsifying, and adhesive properties. It is also resistant to oil, grease and solvent. It is odorless and nontoxic. It has high tensile strength and flexibility, as well as high oxygen and aroma barrier properties. However these properties are dependent on humidity, in other words, with higher humidity more water is absorbed. The water, which acts as a plasticiser, will then reduce its tensile strength, but increase its elongation and tear strength. PVA is fully degradable and is a quick dissolver. PVA has a melting point of 230C and 180-190C for the fully hydrolysed and partially hydrolysed grades. It decomposes rapidly above 200C as it can undergo pyrolysis at high temperatures." via WikipediaI thought the part about it being fully degradable was cool because I was thinking as I used it that it was kind of indestructible and would last forever.It works as well as I could have expected. It's a good deal for $10. I haven't used a Shamwow so I can't make that comparison.
Product works as advertised. Does not push water around...its actually soaks it right up. It's so big you don't even have to ring it out often. Works perfectly for the car.
bought for a water therapy dog Vet. she uses them to dry off dogs after water therapy. The best out there yet!
My husband was given one as a gift, and when a friend called about problem with spots left on his car,  he started looking for this in local stores.....with no luck.  So I was delighted to find it on Amazon; we sent it to the friend, and now he's found it as helpful as my husband does.  Definitely a product that actually works as you hope it would.
For those of you who are wondering "do I have to keep the tube forever?", the answer is "no".  I threw my tube away the first week I had it and three years later it still performs like a champ.  The chamois will dry out and become hard if left exposed, but once you wet it again, it becomes as absorbent and pliable as new.The other reviews are correct.  This thing holds an astounding amount of water for its size and weight and is excellent at streak free drying of automotive surfaces.  Once saturated with water, it wrings out very easily and it ready to pick more back up.  After three years mine has held up very well, though it is a bit discolored from the dirt it has picked up from my car over time.This is the only drying chamois most people will ever need.
I've been looking for something that replaces a natural chamois for awhile, I like the idea of a washable chamois, but this left a thin sheen of water behind which left the glass streaky.  It also went moldy when left damp.  Dried out it seems fine for other jobs, but not what I had hoped.
For those of you that complain that the product get hard after first use, that is normal.  If you have not used Chamois before, you must wet the Chamois completely first then ring out the water before use.
Not sure what all the 1 star reviewers are doing wrong as these dry my cars dry streak and spot free. You see some micro streaks when using this but they evaporate. Using the same two for over 15 years stored in their containers. No mold or anything... best drying material I ever used and I tried them all.
The first Absorber that I had was about.....10 years ago! It still works great. I use it almost everyday on the windows of my 2 cars. I also wash my cars every 2 weeks. That's washing 52 cars in a year. I tried so many different car wash products in last 10 years. And I just found out it's made in Japan. The similiar product emphasis from Germany can't compare.
The Absorber really exceeded my expectations. I've used chamoise and other drying products for years and this really is more effective than all of them. The key isn't necessarily how much it absorbes (which is a lot) but the way it becomes completely dry just from hand ringing. So unlike other drying methods which are good for the first surface you start on, you can ring out the absorber after each section and it's like grabbing a brand new towel.
I have several of this, I use them for all sorts of things. They last for many years, I use them on job sites to keep cool, just dip it in cold water and instant cooling.We also use them for keeping the dogs cool as if they weren't already cool looking.DO NOT BUY ANY IMITATION This is the best!
After having read reviews critical of the Absorber and then buying it anyway, I think folks may be using it wrong. It's pretty remarkable in its absorbance; you don't realize how much water you've accumulated until you wring it out. It honestly seems like a violation of physics.I've used it a couple of times now to dry my car, and I think it's pretty good. You really only need the one chamois to dry an entire car in five or so minutes. Then it pops back in the tube for reuse. It'll dry stiff as a board if you subject it to the air for too long, so you'll want to fold and roll it into the supplied packaging before it dries completely. I've read some complaints about it accumulating mold this way, but I haven't experienced that (yet).Overall, it delivers on its hyperbolic, as-seen-on-TV claims. I have no idea how durable it'll end up being, but even if it only lasts a year it's worth the 10 or 12 bucks I paid for it.
I can say this is the best chamois I've ever used (out of only a handful). That said, I can't quite rave about it to the extent that some reviewers have; it still needs frequent ringing and takes a second pass to (nearly) dry the surface (I've been using on my car). All in all, it works well.
I have had one of these things since the mid-1980s (about 25 years) and it is still holding up great. The color has faded, but it's drying power has not. Great for drying cars, motorcycles, whatever. If you wanted to dry your own body with it, you could, but then you should wash it regularly. It does need to be moist to work, so just wring it out and store it. Once moist, it stays moist almost indefinitely if kept in it's container, even though there is a drain hole. The only caveat is that some kinda black mold does grow on it, or in it.
I've owned mine for 6 years now, I've used it hundreds of times to date. It's the most versatile drying cloth I've ever owned. It does an amazing job at clearing huge amounts of water off of a car, cleanly, and streak free.I'm extremely disappointed to read some of the bad reviews people have left for this product, who obviously, in most cases, seem to lack general understanding of its purpose and function.To keep mine fresh and growth free, I've simply machine washed it (only with my microfiber to prevent lint transfer) after every single use. Making sure to store it as dry as the washer wrung it out. Sometimes I go months without using it, and it may be rock hard, but ready to go the moment I drop it in some hot water. I find it absorbs the most if I dip it and wring it in hot water before drying a car. It seems to open the pores of the PVA.For those of you who hate this thing, you're obviously doing it wrong.
I use the Absorber Chamois on my classic car, my boat, my truck and my daily driver. The latest use is for drying out my shower at home. Great product! In particular I like the ability to store the chamois in the container still damp without getting mildew. When the chamois get dirty I simply dump them in the wash machine and run through a regular wash cycle.
The absorber is a great product. It is much better than cotton towels or leather chamois for drying a vehicles finish. They last forever when you follow the usage instructions.
This thing is weird... definitely not like any type of towel i've used before.  it is more like a supper plastic than a towel.  it kind of sticks to the car a bit... but wow does it absorb water.  very impressive.
This product absorbs all the water left out from a car wash and no need to do it again, it dries in one pass.
Works like it suppose to. I bought this cuz of the rave reviews. Well it's better than the old one I had that ended ripping off little by little.
This is incredible for removing water droplets from a freshly washed vehicle.  I purchased it for just that, and I must say that I am thoroughly impressed with its performance.  The color doesn't matter, I purchased this one because it was the cheapest color at the time.  Make sure to store it damp as indicated on the plastic wrapper that it comes out of.  It really holds an impressive amount of water before filling up!  Much more convenient and cost effective than a leather chamois!
Just one step from wet to dry! Awesome chamois.. Very absorbent, best I ever had.. Use to had a speedo chamois, but nothing comparez to the Absorber
I have used these for over 10 years as well as natural sheep skin chamois. This works very well. If you wring it out (edges too) it doesn't streak, leave water behind, and works about as well as a natural chamois. It will also last for years if left damp and stored in the plastic container, (nope don't dry it). Then why use a natural chamois?  Well for me there is something about the shine left behind with a natural chamois. I'm 69 years old and have used those since a teenager. Now that maybe just a memory lane thing since this works just fine. If you don't want to dry, and as I do stretch and soften a natural chamois after use, then get this. It works very well, plus I have never found anything synthetic, that works as well. (Believe me I've tried a lot different ones too. Haaa)  I do recommend it. Hope this helps someone.
I have been using the "Absorber" for about 10 years. It soaks up a lot of water, it is washable and It's very durable.  I own a Mobile Car Care Business and one of these will last me about a year.  Works great, fair price and long lasting.  Like the title says: "You can't go wrong."
Absorbs water well.  I used it to dry off my dog, and it did a good job.  Plenty big for most jobs.
This might sound bizarre, but I decided to buy this after taking my dog to a groomer and seeing that they used one to dry the dogs.  I used to go through at least 2-3 towels each time I gave the little guy a bath, but this thing dries his fur effectively and efficiently, and still gently.  I'm amazed.
I returned it.  Tried to use as a moisture barrier but it failed.Very disappointed.  Oh well.  Lose some win some.
This product is obviously manmade but is equal to or better than any 'natural' chamois I ever had.  It's just marvelous.
This is an incredible product.  I just dried my car with it today so I decided to come back to Amazon and write this review.  I cannot recommend this drying thing highly enough.  We wash 2 cars almost every weekend and The Absorber is used afterward to quickly get rid of the left over water and avoid water spots.  Works perfectly and it's been YEARS!!  A++++.
Works great and lasts forever.  I've had the same one of these for over 10 years.  I use it every time I wash my car.  It still works as well as the day I bought it.  Super aborbant, easy to rinse clean and wring out.  Storing it in the provided case keeps it slightly damp and ready to use immediately.  Otherwise you can let it dry out completely and re-wet before using.  I have no idea how, but it never gets moldy or smells like mildew even when you leave it damp in the case for months at a time.
I finally had a good weather week and was able to wash my truck. I was skeptical about buying these but I have to tell you, this synthetic chamois is just as good if not better than the real skin. It absorbs without leaving streaks and is durable. I can tell from the feel that these will last longer than a real skin. Highly recommended.
These will dry your car with no streaks and you can use it over and over and throw it in the washer. Best of all you can wring it as you dry your car so it becomes bone dry again. Great for windows where streaks usually show up, but not after "the absorber."
This absorber cloth is to replace one which I have used for ten years.  The new one is, I am sure , going to give  just the same great service. I do not know of another product which drys the cars as perfectly for as many years.
This is a great chamois and is as described.  It's affordable and can be used for the car or any other drying needed around the house (mirrors or windows!).  I would recommend getting a more than one!
It is like bringing a bag full of towels with you. Soak it up and ring it out and it is practically dry instantly. I bought more of these to give out as gifts. Great item!!
This thing arrived with a weird texture and smell - it was damp.  But after opening it, it dries out as hard as card board.  I was looking for an alternative to a natural sheepskin chamois and this one does a really good job.  It's not the same, but close enough and it seems like it will last a long time without tearing.  It does better than the yellow absorbers/towels we got at a state fair.
I have owned these for probably around 10 years now.  Originally bought a yellow-green one and used it for a couple of years before buying a second blue one and a third purple one.  I have a mint green one that is newer and another purple one.  One problem is I have had a couple of these not even opened but they developed holes from the moisture so either it is mold or rot.  The people at the company denied this was from moisture, but it has to be as the Absorbers are sealed in the bag with moisture.  Hard to imagine a brand new Absorber would develop holes without even opening it from it's original packaging, but it has happened on 2 separate occasions.  The lesson is to rotate them if you own more than one and don't let them sit unused or it will rot.  I have returned a few to WalMart for this very reason and I didn't want to have to spend my $$$$ on what I consider a defect if the new product unused develops holes from not using it.My other major complaint is after years of use, the Absorber starts to look nasty, even after running it through the washing machine.  The pastel or bright looking colors only add to the nasty look these get as they age.  I don't get why they don't offer these in dark earth tones like Espresso Brown, Forest/Camo Green, Charcoal Grey, Ultra Black, Midnight Blue etc.  See where I am going with this?  Colors that will not look nasty once it gets older and the color that will hide when it is dirty.  It's kind of gross to use it on a job if it looks dingy/dirty even though it is clean.  Sure a customer may not say anything, but they may be thinking that you're using a dirty towel when in fact it is clean.I talked to someone at Absorber years ago and they gave me some BS excuse that they couldn't make these Absorbers in earthtones simply because it is not possible and only possible in the colors it comes in due to the material they use.
This works better than the leather chamois I have used to dry my car. No spots, washes out easier. I cut into a couple of sections so I have 2 smaller sections for quick jobs around the house. I may buy another one to have a spare.
I had the original ABSORBER (several in fact over the years). My most recent finally wore out. The orignal versions performed very well. BUT the "NEW" version....NOT!!!! I am amazed at the good reviews received on the very poor "new" Absorber being sold now. It performs no were near as good as the original. What a big step down in quality. Hard, Barely absorbant, Discolors easy, Tears easy...... look elsewhere......I am not sure where???, but someone has to make a decent synthetic drying cloth (by the way, a real chamois is very hard to care for and thus my search for a good synthetic)... sorry for being wordy.
Are you serious?  It turns stiff as cardboard when it dries.  I purchased this to dry my camera gear when it was raining and took it out of the container so I could store it in my backpack.  Low and behold, it dried up like cardboard.  Then I found out you have to keep it in that thing, and it was coated with some alcohol like chemical, which I am sure is not good for my gear.  Crappy product..give me a regular microfiber towel please.
So far, this has been a good product. I have no complaints, nor any regrets. I would recommend it even though I would also recommend keeping a spare towel.
I bought this to dry my Labradors after their daily swim.  It works great and saves me from the pile of wet dog towels I had before.  We get most of the water off with this and finish with one regular towel.  My only problem is that with arthritic hands it gets difficult to squeeze out all the water between wipes.  Perhaps I will invent an assistant for that.  I still love it and highly recommend it for other wet dogs.
I liked the absorber because it did not leave any streaks on my vehicle.  The material was sturdy and not flimsy.
I use this absorber ever day after taking a shower. 2 minuets of work soaks up all the water sitting on the tile. We have not had any mildew problems for years on our tile shower. Get rid of the water when you are done and you will never had to scrub your bathroom tile ever. I even roll it up and put the absorber back into the plastic case. Love this product. Have one for the car also.
I have three of these synthetic drying chamois. You can't beat them. I use a squeegy blade to rake off most of the water then my absorber to pick up the remaining water. I'm done in haft the time. My old chamois wouldn't hold as much water as the Absorber, and would leave water streaks behind and I'd have to go over the surface again.
I love the feel of it, how easy it is to clean, and the storage tube makes it easy to keep in my trunk.  Love it!
Purchased to dry my truck after washing. Works better than expected! this is a must have for around the house
product came on time and was just what we expected/needed.  Little more pink in color than we thought but other than that was just fine.
works great, large size is very convenient for me
We've done it all, regular terry cloth bath towels and a myriad of microfiber towels and the orange Sham-Wow style towels you see on infomercials.  They never dry the dog good enough and they get soaked fast.  Once they're soaked, they're pretty worthless, even if you wring them out.  So you end up with a pile of wet towels to wash and a dog that is still rather wet.Enter The Absorber.  It absorbs a TON of water and when it's soaked through, you wring it out and it's ready for more, not just a little more, a lot more.  My dog comes away from a drying with this towel only a bit damp, which is an enormous improvement over every other towel we've tried, where he stays wet for hours and continues to shake himself off periodically.  This artificial chamois really cuts down on the drying time.
I think this works pretty good. I haven't used a chamois before so maybe they all dry hard and you have to wet them to use them again. I use it to dry my dog off as it absorbs more then a regular towel.
It really does what it says it will do, I was surprised about how rubbery and not-towel-like it turned out to be but hey it soaks up cleaning solution without damaging my tile floors so that's what I was looking for.
Hubby loves it, car loves it, I love it cause it saves my towels. Car looks great. Bought this two years ago (yes I fail on writing reviews) and its still going strong on a car that is pampered. Will def buy again.
This product absorbs a large amount of water quickly and won't scratch your car's finish.  Best of all, when it gets dirty, just toss it in the washing machine-give it a quick rinse with clean/fresh water-and put it back in the original container.  My Absorber still looks good and works as well as the day I bought it.  Primarily, I have used this product to dry off my car after washing it.  It's also useful if you're working on a plumbing project and need something to quickly absorb the water around the working area.  Some people even keep this in the shower to give it a quick wipe-down after use.  Just remember to store it in the original container so it doesn't dry out completely and become brittle; as this repeated cycle will eventually shorten it's lifespan.  This is a WONDERFUL product.  If you don't buy this chamois, you will never forgive yourself.  Okay...too dramatic; but you get the point.  Cheers!
nothing beats it. does what it's supposed to. never goes bad, always dries great. no lint. it's amazing really amazing
I travel and use it as a bath towel and I never have to worry about how sanitary towels are.They never dry the dog good enough and they get soaked fast. Once they're soaked, they're pretty worthless, even if you wring them out.I read the directions, rinsed it in warm water, wrung it out, then dried my car with it.
I use a couple of these to dry my truck and they work wonderfully.  I am able to dry my truck before the sun does and without scratching the paint!  I ended up ordering a couple extra just to have around the house.
I do love this chamois and I have bougth different brands. I use it for cleaning my crystal tables. Also for my computer, ipad, ipod and mobile screens. I have another one for my floor.. Very, very good
I bought 3 for my doggy who hates bathing. we give him shower not bathing and can't dry him cauz he won't allow any one touch his wet body. just wrap him with absorber after shower and ready to go. no massy dripping water any more.
Great product. I have used this chamois for the last 15 years. Works great for drying cars, boats, etc... Better than a traditional chamois because it does not mold or mildew. Highly recommended.
I've had one of these for about 20 years. It still works great but the addition of a couple new cars in the family prompted the need for another. It works good on any smooth surface or pulling something out of the carpet. But it works really great on a nice, waxed car. Lay it out like a sheet on horizontal surface and pull slowly to get all the water in one pass. Wring it out like your life depended on it and will dry the whole side of your car before it needs another wring.
Prior to buying the absorber I purchased a natural chamois. It was awful. I should have listened to my detailer when he said return it and buy The Absorber. Best thing ever. Makes drying my car so easy. I love this thing.
Awesome product. I purchased this to make a carboy cleaning brush for home brewing.  My initial concern about the 'toughness' of the material to withstand attachment to a drill are completely alleviated.  The material is also super absorbent, non-abrasive and has a nice tacky feel when wet.  Be aware that it dries hard pretty much like a natural chamois when dry.  This size is big enough to make 4 carboy cleaners.
In 2008, I used one of these on a three month backpacking trip. My wife and I are heading on a three week European backpack adventure, and I'm right now ordering two more. I thought I should pay my respects at the altar of The Absorber placing my purchase.These seriously do work really well.
But it soaks water up very nicely. You can use this to dry cars, floors, etc.Easy to dry and clean.
This item sucks... up a lot of water. ahahIt is a great product! I use it to dry my benz after washing. It really does soak up a lot of water without leaving huge water spots. It does bead up a little, so I let that dry off a little and then start waxing my car.
This cloth came half hard and half soft. The hard side doesn't get softer so it is hard to use to do anything with when it is dry. Felt like I threw my money away on this product.
I've been using these for at least 5 years and it has to be hands down the best thing for taking care of my car I've ever used.  I leave it under my seat and it's perfect for when you get out of the car wash and need to dry your car off quick so you don't get water spots.  It's also great for wiping off the inside of the car, or even washing the car at home.  Seriously a great buy.
I had used this to dry my car - basically all it did was make big water beads into smaller ones...**wring out**...make the smaller beads into even smaller beads...**wring out**...make the even smaller beads into streaks... I hope you get the point.  It basically just pushes water around.  I'm going to try the Meguiar system to dry cars.  I guess the only redeeming quality of this product is that it dries to a wavy sheet of synthetic material, which is kind of cool to look at...
dried the dog well and the hair didn't stick to it.
For several years I have used the &#34;name brand&#34; towels for when I go swimming at the gym. I've always liked having a compact towel which I could simply wring out and use over again. Looking for a cheaper alternative, I ran across this product. It is the same material, twice the size, and half the price. In fact, this one was too large for me compared to the &#34;name brand&#34; towels I was used to so I cut it in half!P.S. It does get hard when it dries, but I have never had a problem just getting the towel wet again, wringing it out once, and it is good to go.
This is my solution to all liquid spills. The power of this cloth's absorbency is without peer. I've extracted so much coffee from a beige rug that staining was all but imperceptible. The need to store it in it's tube is a minus but this cloth is so much better at absorbing liquid than any other cloth I've encountered that I'll happily accept it's somewhat temperamental nature. Really a wonderful product. Best in class.
This is the best product for drying your car.  It absorbs water instantly and leaves no streak marks.  Easy to wring dry.  I will never use a regular towel ever again.  A MUST have.
I have had one of these for years and loved it. My wife didn't know what it was so she thought it was old and garbage.
To be honest, when I first saw this item here, I was very optimistic.  I regularly wash my SUV (Black 2006 4runner) and to dry I have used all different type of towels, and drying methods, but all have failed and leave nasty streaks all over my vehicle.  However, this product is amazing! I mean, really, it is! It soaks up so much water and completely dries the vehicle in no time and it leaves behind NOOOOOOO STREAKS!!!!! I was so shocked.  Not only that, the reviews say the towel lasts for years! and all you have to do is keep it in the holder moist.  If it gets dirty, throw it in the washing machine! This is one tough towel and it does what it says.  This is nothing like a Sham Wow or other gimmicky towel.  This is the real deal!  I will be purchasing more for family and friends!5/5 stars!
Have been using this product for about a year now and gone through nearly 50 car washing, cleaning windows, and using to clean up spills.  This product holds up well, is easy to clean, and doesn't seem to get any smell after sitting for several weeks.  I do keep it clean and have followed the instruction on storing.  I am expecting this to last for a few more years as long as I take care of it.  It definitely out performs a natural skin chamois.  I have not used any of my chamois since I starting using the Absorber and at about 1/3 the cost, it is a real deal.  Also, the product is much easier to ring dry.Update:  Have had this for two years and over 100 uses on drying my truck.  This item has continue to hold up great.
chamois are always good. i keep it in my truck for the inside and works great. stays moist and fits perfect in the tube.
I love drying my Evo X with these. They get all the water off and leave to streaks. Its a must have when detailing your car
Just received them early this afternoon, and cleaned up a wet potty accident with this. The carpet is almost perfectly dry! Per instructions, now just throw in washer! Amazing! I'm glad I bought three. I know I will get a LOT of use out of these.Editing my original post..... I needed to wash these three times in two days. Besides potty accidents, I had a bottle of water get spilled onto the couch, and my daughter had (shall we say) tummy troubles on the computer desk, floor and wall.They are not soft and fluffy like chamois. They are kind of rubbery. They do push water if you rub on a smooth surface. If you want to absorb, such as on the carpet, just press onto the spot. You can't wipe a surface such as a car the same way you would with a towel. You have to use a much lighter touch or it sticks.If you let them dry they're hard and crunchy. Just wet again and they're good to go. Wash, don't use fabric softener, roll back up and put in the tube they come in. Love them more each time I use them.
This towel is a must to have for me while bathing my pets. I dry/wipe down a cat or dog after a bath, squeeze out the absorber and go over them one more time with it.This causes the pets to blow dry SO much faster! It really works Great! I am a mobile dog groomer and I show Himalayan cats, so I get a LOT of use from ONE towel all day long. Just squeeze out the Absorber towel real good and it is ready for use on the next bath, and the next... one after another![...]
The chamois is very soft and comes in a plastic container that keeps the chamois from drying out between uses.
I bought this Absorber for each of my adult children's stockings for Christmas and they are great.  My husband is a "REAL Chamois" fan and he used my daughter's Absorber one day and was sold.  So I had to get him his own!
Works great for drying the car quickly and easily when its not hot enough out to do it quickly, and you don't wanna have to polish out all the water spots afterwords (Black car). This thing absorbs so much water you won't believe it till you use it, and it just takes a beating and keeps on going. When I first used it I was afraid I was gonna rip it by twisting the water out too hard, nope, just keep wringing it out until its dry and continue on.A little secret to using it, at least I've found it to work better this way. When drying the car, lay the Absorber out flat (unfold it across the surface) and then grasp it at one end at each corner and drag it slowly across the car allowing it to absorb all the water it comes into contact with. This works especially well on horizontal surfaces, but still good enough on the vertical ones as well. This practice also helps to prevent scratching of the surface when small particles get trapped between the chamois and the paint surface and then your hand comes and pushes it right into the paint.Little warning, when it comes, don't smell it. Mine reeeeekkkkkeeedddd! But I just rinsed it out and the smell went away. Yes it is true that you can put it right back into the tube wet (Well to get it back in the tube, you must, because you can't roll it once it dry), but I like to leave the top off of the tube to allow air in there to dry it out before I close it up and that musty gross smell comes back.Long story short: Get it, you won't be disappointed.
works really well for windows, cars. Easy to take care of and love it that you can put it back damp in container
The best. For Windows also.
I've been using these things for several years and I buy a new one about every year or so. The Absorber is PVA, so it needs to stay a little wet because it gets very stiff when dry. Once you get used to it and how it works, it's great. There are a lot of PVA drying towels out there that are cheaper, but believe me, this one is superior in thickness and quality. I bought a cheap, generic one at Wal-Mart and it started tearing apart within a couple days.I use mine to wipe down just about anything and everything you'd use a normal towel for. It won't get something as immediately dry to the touch as a towel since it is slightly damp to start with, but evaporation quickly takes care of the rest. The main advantage over a towel is that it works like both a towel and a sponge, depending on how wet it is. It's nice and cool to the touch so it doubles as a cooling cloth in the summer heat. When it gets too wet, you just wring it out. When it gets a little dirty, soak it in a little soap and water and wring it out or throw it in the washer (just make sure you don't put it in the dryer, it comes out of the washer slightly damp, just like it should be stored). Every few washes, I recommend using some bleach in the wash or soaking it with some bleach to help keep it like new.
Glade to get a hold of this chamois, after looking around ass can find here are the leathery type that can't hold more then a cup of water and spread more water then not. These work great as exactly as I need.
Tried using mine after washing my car. I followed the instructions before first time use, but it didn't seem to work well at all. It didn't leave streaking which was nice, but it wasn't nearly as absorbent as I was expecting. I had to ring it out every wipe or so for it to keep picking up water. I ended up resorting to a standard towel for some larger areas on my car.
Very happy with this product, good quality and the reviews were very helpful for me making this great choice.  Thanks-
I was prepared to write a &#34;sham-why&#34; review because initially this thing acted like a sheet of nonabsorbent rubber, but once it started soaking water it seemed to 'open up' and began working pretty well.  It wrings out easily and leaves no lint, which is pretty rad,  because the old bath towels I was using before made my car fuzzy.
This thing is superior to any chamois I have ever used.  I use it to dry my cars after washing and this thing is so quick.  Very cheap and will last forever.  BUY ONE!!!
Soaks up about 2 cups of liquid  and easily wrings out. What can I say it does what it says. Great for spills or drying car
This thing works. It is AMAZING! I wash my car and dry it spotless with this little baby. Once it absorbs all the water...you simply ring it out and its like new again. So good!!
Yes, I'm weird.  I choose to use a shammee instead of a towel to dry myself off after a shower.  My dog has one too, different color, for her monthly baths.  It's amazing how it extracts the bulk of moisture from her coat.So back to my weird habit..  I bought this as an experiment for RVing and using friend's showers.  A towel is just so bulky and using this allows me to cram it into my shower bag which contains all my shower items and even shower sandals from the 99 cent store.Another reviewer mentioned that the item stinks after some time if you don't properly air it out.  I can vouch for that.  She said that she placed it into a washing machine but the smell was still present.  That was not my finding.  However,.. it may be because I actually hand washed it for a good 15 minutes using Tide brand detergent in my kitchen sink.  Now it smells freshly laundered lol.
I did not purchase this item from Amazon but from a local Big-Box "W" store.  The price here is comparable -- within a dollar if memory serves me. Other sizes/colors were available in the store too.What I really like about this chamois is that it is made of synthetic fiber and works even better than deerskin.  Years ago I used a natural deerskin chamois and found it gross to touch especially when it was wet; it smelled funky and felt really slimy.  Plus the thought of wringing water from a deer's skin was creepy.I've used the Absorber for about 6 car washes and it has held up to almost as many times in the washing machine.  It soaks up (and holds) a lot of water.  I only have to wring it out about four times to dry the entire car.  Another bonus is that you can store it damp in the container and don't have to leave a stiff and scratchy deer pelt hanging in the garage.  I would definitely recommend the Absorber.
Works like a champ! The best drying chamois I have ever used! Just bought two more. Makes washing the truck a easy.
This piece of towel sucks up water like nothing I've seen before.  I dry the car with one towel, and recently picked up another to dry my dog :)
I've never used a synthetic chamois before, so I'm not sure how well they are supposed to work.  I washed my minivan the other day; and I'd say it took one swipe on a panel, squeeze dry, then a second swipe to completely dry the panel.  The Absorber is a nice, large size.  It dries my car better than old bath towels, and it left no water spots.  I'm very happy with its performance and would buy it again.
Pros:- works better than chamois in absorbing water.- does not produce streaks when drying cars  - Spot free!- I cut it to half and quarter sizes - makes it great for the kitchen tops, sink and bathroom- works great for kitchen spills- available almost everywhere- cheaper than chamoisCons:-You have to store it moist in the canister or it will dry stiff as a cardboard. (Dip it on water and it is good to go again).-Storing it moist promotes growth of bacteria and micro-organism. Forget about using it on your body as a towel or drying your plates, pots and utensils.
The was recommended by the top detailer in Seattle for drying my car.  This can be wrung out easily, machine washed and stored in the container.
I use this product around the house.  I cut up the absorber, and always keep a piece near the kitchen sink for all kinds of clean up, as well as in the bathroom.  It truly does last for years, and I've reduced my use of paper towel to almost nil. Because it is so soft, it won't scratch any surfaces. To avoid bacterial build-up, I wash it with household soap and do not follow the recommendation to store it damp, but it revives immediately when it is wet again.
I have been a fan of these chamois for several several years now. i find that they work very well after a years of abuse. I generally buy a new one every year or so and use the old one for say tires or grimey stuff that i don't care about all too much.i know they say you can wash it, but i have never wash one of these, my car's finish is very good. i don't have a lot of swirl marks or marks in which using a dirty chamois would cause. i recommmend these for the avid car washer
Product does exactly what it says, despite feeling like you're drying with a piece of rubber.  We dried two sedans in about 3 minutes each using a single one.  Also, works well for drying pets!A note - this is cheaper if purchased directly from Target, plus get your choice of color.
I purchased this item to dry my car. I own a black car and don't recommend this product. Instead use a soft microfiber waffle towel. This product leaves streaks and swirl marks on the paint finish its to rough.
Once you use an absorber you will use your natural chamois for grease rags. I had used my last absorber for 30 years and still use it today, just saw an add and thought I would treat myself to a new one. Put it back in the tube after you use and while it is still damp and it will last and work forever. When it gets dirty toss it in the washing machine, take it out after spin cycle and its ready to go again. I dont know what this stuff it but it works great!
We have had one of these for YEARS (10+) & it still works great!Cleans the car with no streaks.Just roll up & store (damp) in container.
I've had one of these for nearly a decade now, use it on everything, car, motorcycle, etc. works great! No tearing, no hard stains. Works as well as the day I bought it. I just bought another for my dad, he used it on his corvette when he came to visit and loved it. I highly recommend this chamois.
Great product. Very absorbent. Much better than using towels or other products I've tried in the past. Lasts for years
This chamois worked very well in comparison to every other chamois I've tried.  However, I was expecting something a bit more outstanding considering the reviews I've read.The Good-Long Lasting (VERY long lasting)-Easily wrung out when wetThe bad-Left some streaks and spots on auto paint (in comparison to a microfiber cloth)All in all, not a bad buy for the price
This is the best tool for drying a car on the market IMO.  Doesn't scratch, washes easily and works great.
This thing will hold a lot of water. just be sure to keep it moist inside the original tube. I will buy more of these. Just need to watch the price and buy low.
So if you get this wet and set it out, it dries hardened. It never dries flat, it kind of makes it's own shape.Great at absorbing as it claims, Once it's wet though, like anything, the absorbing is done. So, this is great for small jobs!
I have a black car so i need to dry it to avoid spots.  this works great.  holds a lot of water and takes me few min to dry whole car.
This is a super absorbent product. For the price I would like twice the size but it works pretty good.
This drying chamois is amazing!!! It makes drying my car so easy. Only regret I have is that I did not order it sooner. The size of the cloth is perfect. It is very easy to clean and is very durable. I wash it with water hoes after I am done drying my car. Every few months I throw it in the washing machine to keep it extra clean.
I was looking to replace my old chamois skin that I used when drying my car when I found this one on Amazon. The reviews prompted me to try it out. The reviews were absolutely correct. First I tried it out on my Beagle hound to dry him after his bath. This worked so much better than towels (usually 3 or more to get most of the water off). The Absorber got him drier in a lot less time than the towels.  I'm looking forward to using it on my car.
It was hard as a rock once I took it out of the container.  Would not bend at all - not worth the money
I wash my vehicle's a lot and used to buy a new leather chamoise yearly.  I learn of the Absorber from one of my local fireman, they use the Absorber on the fire trucks.  He told me that as often as I wash my vehicle's, I needed an Asorber.  I bought one 2 years ago, and it's still like new.  I have bough one for my boat, and also one for my brother.
Very good, works on a number of places.  Lasts for a long time.  This is much better than other car things, great for any washing
Not that good.  I based my purchasing decision on the great reviews here, but should have paid more attention to the one negative.  Yes, it does a good job sucking up water, but it'll be completely saturated in just a few seconds, and then you're ringing the heck out of it to get the water out of it.  Another couple of seconds, and it's completely soaked again, and you're ringing the heck out of it again.  A real pain to be constantly ringing it out just to use it for another couple of seconds.  And if you don't ring it out, it'll just streak and leave large amounts of water behind.  I suppose if I had 5 or 10 of them I wouldn't be complaining, but I had money to buy 5 or 10 of these at $12 a pop, I wouldn't be washing my car myself.  I'll stick with my good, clean, cotton towels to dry...
I was skeptical at first, but this thing is great.  Very absorbing.  Dries my car in about 1/2 the time of the chamois.
when i wash my car and ready to dry it off the chamois clean like you wax on it clean
the auto part stores wanted a lot more money for one that was less than half this size. it works great
I searched around and read all of the reviews before deciding on which chamois to get. I am very pleased with the results. It works as advertised and removes the water without streaks, spots, or fuzz. If you care about the appearance of your vehicle, this is an inexpensive, must-have addition to your cleaning routine.
Superior.  Better than any chamois.  Old one going strong after 8 years.  Bought this one for a friend.  Easily cleanable
Good product.  We use it to dry out our seamless shower glass.  Always streak free and easy to wring out.
I'd used my as-seen-on-tv shammy into the ground, and needed a replacement. I bought this version on a whim, and was REALLY impressed how much better it is than a shammy. It's rubbery, and smelled a little funny at first, but it's SO much more absorbant and really effective. I've recommended it to all my friends who want a compact super-towel.
Availability: 5 Stars.If you can't wait for whatever shipping method you use, this brand is available at many auto parts stores and big box stores. I purchased one at a Pep Boys last year, and one at Wal-Mart a few weeks ago.Product: 5 Stars.It is a synthetic chamois that has a vaguely rubbery feel.It can be wrung out after getting wet and used to sop up more moisture.Uses Below...Price: 4 Stars.If there is a harbor freight near you, they also sell a Chinese knock-off version of this for about $5, less than half the price of both brands for almost the same thing. The material is a little softer since it is not as dense, and you can see the fibers woven through it that are used for structural integrity. The 'real' one may not have these, i haven't held mine up to the light to check. Most people will be just fine with the HF one.This is:Perfect pool-side towel, car chamois, camp towel, motorcycle, etc.Good for cleaning up spills and wetness. Hard floors: soak and wring. Carpet: Soak the spill in water (Yes, make it WORSE), THEN put towel over and apply pressure to soak up.Mores uses I'm sure, but this are the ones I find I use the most.Every home should have one of these.Stories:Pool - My 5 cousins and I use a single one of these when drying off after using the pool, but any number of people can as long as they're not germophobes. Dry, wring, repeat.Car - Don't want water spots? Wash and rinse car as per usual, use this to dry it off. If you're paranoid of it picking up particulate like a sponge can, machine wash it first.Motorcycle - Use it to dry after washing. Dry seat after a rain so you don't soak up wetness with your pants. Friend uses a thick foam seat pad, after riding in the rain and then washing it, was soaked through. He didn't want to put his rain gear on so we put the towel on top of it and stepped on it to pull the moisture out, it was nearly dry after a few wrings.
I cut them in half and use them for window washing with a squeegee( to wipe rubber blade dry) I no longer have to continually replace with a dry towel. Just squeeze out the excess water and keep on going. They will become hard if not kept in a plastic bag for storage
very nice clean tools and good drying for clean car i.m very happy to pay thes absorber ............&#128516;&#128665;&#127482;&#127480; yes yes
This chamois was just what we were looking for for our son on the dive team. When the chamois dries it becomes stiff as a board and once you throw it back in the pool becomes soft as a rag! Quickly dries him off as they wring it out and towel dry off over and over between dives. May need a few more for the vehicles in the spring!
It's hard to add anything new to the ranting and raving everyone else has already done. These synthetic chamois are not just for cars - after using mine on her car, my girlfriend bought herself three of them for drying her hair, cleaning up spills, and ... cleaning up more spills (she spills a lot).If you are new to chamois's, these towels absorb a crazy amount of liquid and are easily wring-able, so the process is absorb, wring, absorb, wring. You need to get them wet before use and wring them once or it'll be like trying to maneuver an egg carton rather than a cloth. They leave no fibers behind and dry quickly on their own (unlike normal towels). However, when dry, they are stiff as cardboard, so you may want to take some consideration into how you hang them ... because that's the shape they will stay.They are supposedly anti-microbial and will not mold, but I never took a chance with that. After a while they will collect dirt and acquire that familiar old towel smell, so be sure to throw them in the washer every now and then to clean out.Basically, this does everything a towel does but better. The only difference is that a towel is soft and fluffy and these things are more like flaps of wet skin (original chamois were made of skin, after all).
I find it much easier to use this chamois over a towel while drying a car.  The absorber works well with soaking up water then with a quick squeeze your back at drying.  The chamois does not leave cloth and lint on your car like towels and old shirts.  I also use a damp chamois to wipe down the interior dash and seats of my vehicle, which works very well.  I would also recommend a soft water blade to use first after rinsing your vehicle to do the large areas and windows...then go back over it with the chamois.  It will cut your car drying time in half and work x2 as good. You are supposed to keep the chamois damp so when I am done I just put it back in the case and it will stay damp until my cars next wash.  It is supposed to extend the life of the chamois.
This item is the perfect one for someone who likes to keep his vehicleclean! You dont waste time trying to dry it, it absorbs all the water in no time,leaving no residue on glasses, indeed I've purchased a very good item!
I've had one of these for 3 years.  I bought it soon after I got my Jag, based on a recommendation.  It works like a charm.  When I wash the car, I use it somewhat like a squeegee and work all the water drops off the surface, one section at a time.  It only takes one wipe and the surface is practically dry.  I finish up with light buffing with a microfiber towel and it looks awesome.  If I go to a self-serve car wash, I'll hang the chamois from the carpet hooks on the wall and hose it down as I wash the car.  I end with the spot-free rinse and the chamois comes out very clean and soft.  It holds a lot of water, but squeezes out very easily.  I'm VERY selective about the products I use on the Jag and I highly recommend this chamois.
We have to wipe down the shower walls after the last shower of the evening and nothing else did nearly as good a job as The Absorber.  I ordered three more to give as Christmas gifts!
I've used a few different types of drying chamois over the years.  The Absorber has been the best of all.  I bought one about 8 years ago from Wal-Mart for my car and I'm still using it today.  And it's still great.I bought a second one from Amazon recently to use around the house.  It works great for drying countertops or tiled walls and probably a bunch of other stuff I haven't tried yet.One thing to remember...when you are done using it, wring it out, roll it up, and keep it in it's plastic tube.  I think that is the key to it's longevity.
This Chamois can suck more water and dry faster than the hottest day on record!  I would recommend it to anyone who washes their cars!
I use it after my shower in place of a regular towel and it works great. I have a lot less laundry to do too.
Bought this because I couldn't find the old animal skin I used years ago.I found this is much better than any other drying cloth I have owned.Works great with the California Car Duster Water Blade.
This thing is amazing.  I use it for bathroom tiles after the shower.  It's so absorbent that it sticks to the tiles!
ordered this bc i didnt have my first one handy.  bought a couple extra for stocking stuffers etc... my parents love em.
I purchased a "Natural" colored Absorber chamois, but the product I received is purple. Regardless, this chamois works great and outperforms all other car drying cloths I have tried. All in all, great product.
My mother turned me on to &#34;the absorber&#34; about 10 years ago and I am still using the same one but figured it might be time for a replacement because I won't use anything else on my truck.
Makes keeping your vehicle clean easy without having to spend $20.00 on a car wash. I would recommend this product
I used this absorber on my car and it did seem to work out well. My car was dry, and after I just rolled it up and put it back in the case, so it's ready to use again.
This dries my car very well and stops water spots from forming.
Wasnt expecting a whole lot, yet it was very good at drying the car without streaks the first time, just wring it out and go to next section
Just thought it was unreal that after i read the instructions that you leave in the tube wet after use
The Absorber works great on our auto's  ... it's actually much better than the real chamoise we own.  Highly recommend.
With something like this, I'd normally be immediately turned off by the scammy infomercial feel of the name (and visions of the shamwow guy), but I saw the reviews here and bought one.This thing is crazy amazing.  Seriously, I bought a bunch of brushes, rags, mits, etc... and I could seriously wash the car with this thing alone. :)  (Not that I do... I just use it for drying.)  A good car wash is all about the drying, and this thing leaves the car like new.Oh, and this thing is great for washing windows!  I retired my squeegee.
This may be more of an oversight on my part. I was expecting something like the Shammy but what I got was some rubbery polymer that does absorb spills but again, not as good as paper towels. Save your money unless you are into spandex!
Keep all those sham wows. I have used Absorber Chamois for years, much better than natural ones or any other brands.
It doesnt do anything just hard to move around on the car, doesnt absorb any water. just useless. will not buy another.
I bought this for my 02 Xterra.  Since I have hard water, it always left water spots on my black X.  This thing dries it all off with out needing to wring it out once.  Easy to get into tiny crevices in the doors and big enough to fling it on top of my truck since I can't reach all the way.  Machine washed it and came out clean, minus a few dark spots of grease that I knew wouldn't come out.
I purchased this cloth with the intent of drying my car after I have washed it. I have very hard water and when I want my car to look nice I have to dry it or I get little hard water spots all over the place.Drying my car with "The Absorber" does solve that problem and it does absorb quite a lot of water. It squeezes out easy and stores quite well in the container it comes in. I have used it a number of times and am generally happy with it.I should mention it is does not perfectly get every last bit of water. But it dries to the point where the residual water evaporates in a minute or so. I consider that pretty good and my goal of not having water spots is met so I'm a happy camper. I would buy another one if I needed it :)
Dont think the price was that great on Amazon but was comparable to WalMart. Always good quality product as this is at least number 10 for me.
Works great in almost all app's, but as far as doing your car windows, good luck!  Tends to smear, and I wrung out every drop of water, and it still smeared them.  Still, I would buy it again.....being able to keep it wet, without going &#34;sour&#34; is a BIG plus!
I have used this product for a few years and they work great. I like absorbers more than sham wows because I think they hold more water and is made of a tougher material. Be careful not to use it on really dirty or greasy areas because it is very difficult to wash it out.
i use it to wipe up condensation inside my keezer. sometimes in the summer there is a good size puddle that forms in my keezer and this chamois quickly soaks it up in 1 or 2 passes.
Use it on my street rod.I purchased my first one a few years ago at the Minnesota back to the fifties.I was wanting a new one and knew I could find it on Amazon, good price too.
I'm glad bought this exact item through my local auto store on sale for $2.98.  It does a VERY POOR job of absorbing moisture and is nothing like a true chamois cloth.  Even after washing it in hopes of removing any residue, it still failed to perform.  As one of the other reviewers mentioned, a cotton towel will do a better job.  Mine is now in the garbage.
I have bought this item considering this would be good for car wash. My primary purpose was to dry the car after washing, but it's not its not drying all the water. Also this is not lint free, you can notice the water spots.
Love these absorbers! I use them for everything! I never use cloth anymore. And, they shine up whatever I use them on. The stainless steel sink, my car, the floor, wood, tile, glass, whatever! They are also great for getting hair off  all surfaces. The sofa, chairs, carpet. And the hair doesn't stick to the absorber! It just falls off in the trash! Love it! Makes all jobs easier. I throw them in the washer every once & awhile & beach em & they come out lookin' like new!
I personally don't finish drying with this, as I find is smears a bit. But, for sopping up the excess water right after washing the car it's perfect, then I wipe till dry with a microfiber cloth.
Love these. Bought one of these 20+ years ago at a boat show thinking it was probably a &#34;gimmick&#34; and was throwing my money away. I still have it!! Still works great! No mildew problems. Bought this new one for painted parts and now use the &#34;old&#34; one for wheels.
As other reviewers have stated, this needs to be wet to work. I've gone through sever chamois looking for one that worked well to dry my car and this by FAR the best one I've found. Dries streak free and holds a lot of water. The main issue with hide chamois is they just don't hold much water, this one does and makes drying a snap.I liked this so much a bought a few more and my wife and I use them as towels for use at the pool & water park. For this purpose there is no equal. Just stick it in a pocket or hanging out of the waist band and when your done with a ride ring it out and dry yourself off!  Wash it once home with a small amount of bleach (do not dry it) and put it back in its container to keep it moist.Overall this is simply the best chamois you can get and there's a million uses for it!
Works great and doesn't scratch the car, there is no better towel.
this is amazing for drying your car or any other surface. you have to be careful while using it on your car. The cloth can pick up or catch little pieces of dirt or dust and with a sweeping motion can leave small scratches. they are not very noticeable but I have a black car and am very particular. pat dry would work better, absorbing ability is amazing, just wring it out and its good to go once again!
This Chamois is much more amazing than the natural ones, even though it has a rather plasticky feel to it, it gets the job done, sucking up liquids on contact like a wet-vac. I doubt anyone would be dissapointed with this purchase. The size of it is also okay, it is large enough to clean up most liquids on cars without being a hassle to handle. As for the handling instructions, they're stated on the box, and all you need to do is keep it damp, inside the plastic casing pictured. It will not accumulate mold/mildew.
I have one of these in each shower in my house and one for my camper.  A quick swipe of the tiles/shower surround with these and  presto!  no water spots.  Keeps the shower clean, and minimizes soap build up and hazy shower tile.
We Use this to dry a tile bathroom so mold does not grow in the grout  lines.  Works great for this application.
This is a great chamois. It is natural material, not animal material. It dries really well and is easy to clean; just throw in the washing machine.  This is my second one; had the prior one for many years. Would recommend!
Still have the first one I purchase at a retail location back in the early 80s; rinse after each use and have washed occasionally in the washing machine with great results.  Purchase a second and now a third, I use the newest for body panels and the older ones for jambs and wheels.
fantastic drying ability, superior to any other chamois on the market.  I have tried many, but would buy this again without hessitation - highly recommend!
I have several of these for my cars and they do a great job of efficiently taking off the water.  Well recommended!
I have purchased several absorbers over the years and the product has always done a great job of drying my cars.  However, the absorber I recently purchased does not absorb water from my cars nearly as well as the older models.  I have to go over the car several times and wring out water to get all the water off without leaving streaks and drops of water.  the material may be a little different as it doesn't feel quite like my old ones used to.
This is the best drying and cleaning accessory ever. I have used a product that is in Supermarkets that is sponge like and it makes every job easier. It is too bad they are not easy to find but I orderd a couple for family and I know they will really enjoy their use.Thanks you for recommending it!Regards,Bill
I have used a smaller version of this product for many years now. It really does do a nice job drying, and holding the water. You might think it will leave streaks at first, but they dry and it leaves a very nice finish. Go ahead and get one, you should like it.
don't think you are buying a substitute for a chamois. you are not.it is thick, it does not absorb as well. it is a fake chamois and fake is always a compromise.it leaves water behind. rated just ok for me. spend your money on a real chamois.
The water right off anything you use it on.  If the oceans ever start to rise from global warming we can just throw a few of these in there and we'll be good to go.  Gets very hard if you don't keep it in the container between uses.
I GUESS SOMEONE  WANTED IT MORE THAN I DID IT WAS GONE BEFORE  I RECEIVED IT NOT YOUR FAULT.THANKSBILL MARTIN
and if my Jeep would stop eating them on occasion (don't ask), than the first one would have lasted 5+ years.
This synthetic drying chamois is like a water vacuum for drying your car.  I had been using terry cloth and microfiber towels to no avail.  This towel allowed for much quicker drying time...which eliminated the water spots I would get from the others.  Wash your own car...this is a good investment.  Get one!
just used this for the first time after washing my car. it didnt leave any water streaks. my car is black, so dry water is very visible on it. this delivered as advertised. i am going to buy another one for my shower. will use it to wipe the walls, to prevent scum and mildew.
great on wet cars.  very soft once you get it wet and soaks up a lot of water,  much more than a chamois.
This is a must have for washing cars!  Dries the car quickly and easily and leaves no water marks at all!  It is a must have!
What can I say, it cleans your car quickly w/out leaving leaving those nasty water marks.The only minor set-back w/ this product is that if you dont clean it well after using and let fully dry in a dry area it will create a smell.  But this can be overcome quickly, just get it wet again when you go to wash and dry your car again.  It is a great product. Well worth the $$$.
not really red.. more of a hot pink. but it's fantastic at absorbing (and keeping us cool during this hot, hot summer!)
Worked well. Used it to  lubricate  my boat motor and it did loosen up controls to my satisfaction would recommend.
normally spray cans of this type have a extension tube that comes with it this had nonethe grease is every good great for door locks to keep from freezing
This white lithium grease bottle is handy for getting white grease into tight places on automobiles and other machinery around the house like lawn tractors.  Recommend it.
this is good lithium grease. i put it on all my ground blocks and distribution blocks in my boat. it keeps the corrosion away and repells water..
Perfect oil match for my indmar 340 engine in my '05 Malibu Wakesetter.
I placed an order on Nov. 16th for this item and here it is Dec. 29th and they have yet to ship the item.  At the time I placed the order the estimate was that it would ship in 1-2 weeks and arrive between Dec. 2nd and Dec. 8th.  The fools even charged my credit card over a month ago.  I finally gave up and cancelled my order (though it took me TWO attempts to get this done as they completely ignored my first email).  Heck of a way to run a business.
I use these filters in all my cars...they wrk great n do thr job jus perfect...no need 2 spend mad $ on the xpensive ones
Have been using FRAM filters for decades & they're so inexpensive anyway why try to save a dollar buying something cheaper.  K&N would be another trusted brand - their High Perf air filters rock.
Does what it supposed to do and has always done it without any failure or any other problem with filter.  The drip material on the filter really helps to get it properly tight when installing new filter.  Some folks talk down about Fram, but for the money and the quality I have seen, it's still a great choice over other filters.
Fram has a horrific history of manufacturing oil filters that fail. Their filters leak and do a poor job at filtering impurities. There are websites devoted to discussing oil and oil filters and Fram products are nearly universally criticized and avoided. There are also videos online that investigate Fram oil filters and they are nearly all universally negative.Purolator, Wix (NAPA), Mann, Mahle, are some quality filters. Fram are the worst filters and you are risking harming your car.
The rubber grip is awesome!  It makes it way easier to install and remove the filter.  I can really get it tight by hand, and only need to use the filter wrench a bit.
decent filter, OEM quality, like many others out there.  Price not currently competitive (rellative to W*mart), and beware of shipping fees.  Grip enhancement actually works, but of no significance if you use a wrence as most do.
I use this for my 2001 Audi S4.  It is taller than the OEM filter but it fits.  Amazon will tell you it doesn't fit but it does, as long as you don't have a oil cooler sandwich plate.
I have been using Fram filters for over 30 years now and have never had a problem with their performance. Never a leak and after 3000-5000 miles every time my oil still has that clear (translucent) appearance. Really, the key to keeping your oil and engine clean is to faithfully change your oil regularly. I have two vehicles...one 1996 with 180,000 miles and the other 1964 with over 300,000 miles...where neither burns any oil between changes and continue to run smoothly.I have tried synthetic oils and a couple of "high performance" filters without any improved results. I do prefer the Castrol brand of oil.Okay, there are probably even cheaper filters that will perform as well especially following my strict regimen of maintenance but, I just feel confident, after all these years, with the Fram filters.
Whenever I change my oil, I always use Fram oil filters. The black grip on the end of the filter makes changing your oil quick and easy, without having to use an oil filter wrench to unscrew it from your engine. The build quality of Fram filters has always been top notch, and the PH8A is no different. You can trust that this filter will more than meet your needs.
Did you know that the FRAM PH8A is one of the most widely used Oil Filters in the world for the last 30 years?  If your car or boat has an early Ford 5.0L V8 engine, you'll find a PH8A oil filter on it.  The reason this filter is so popular is because its large size allows it to fit on Chrysler 2.2L and 2.5L engines too.
I change my own oil, options for getting it done around here are all expensive.  This Fram is a quality product that goes on well.
The Fram PH-8A is arguably the single most commonly used oil filter for American automobile engines. I used this, along with the Fram HPK2 adapter, to replace an old style canister filter housing and removable filter element-what some people call a &#34;toilet paper filter.&#34; Works great; I have better flow, better filtration, and an easy to find replacement when it comes time to change my oil.
Since I got my first car, Fram has always been the oil filter brand I would reach for.  the PH8A was the standard ford oil filter for years, And I went through plenty of them. Always reliable and never a leak or ill fit. very consistent. It was a nice improvement whe they added the grip end to these as well, very hand when you have oil on your hand. .
This filter was a replacement for a motorcraft FL1A on a PCM 351. Worked like a charm. No issues with installation or operation.
100 per cent OK!  Meet all expectations. I recommend for all Buick roadmaster owners . Direct fit and great value.
I couldnt even find these at autozone last time I went. I like to change the oil in my Nova often so I will probably be buying again.  Another plus is the grip on the bottom of them.
I have been using FRAM for decades, since before internet reviews.  I have never had problems with FRAM.  Nowadays there are so many reviews about FRAM products including many negative ones.  I choose to continue to use FRAM for oil, air and cabin filtering.  I hope I am correct in relying on my historical impression of FRAM!  This filter installed correctly onto my vehicle and I note no problems with it even when I remove it at 5000 miles for the next oil change.  It lasts, and then some!  Enjoy.
well i have a 1969 nova ss.small block.when i checked on the application it said it wouldnt fit,but i knew it was the right one.might want to update application list.could be losin sales.but great price and fast shipping.im happy
A little smaller than I thought but not terrible. Also,I wish it were a little tighter and or came with an anti rattle device. Not bad and effective.
I like the spacer that came with it to keep it from rattling in the receiver hitch. Makes stepping up into the truck bed much easier. Looks good installed and has a very reasonable price.
No complaints, but it could be of better quality. It gets 4 stars. Plastic gets a tad slippery when wet.
this rear hitch mount with the chrome plate really makes my 2011 jeep grand Cherokee stand out in the crowd
This was a very cost effective, great quality hitch accessory. Item arrived very quickly. It installed as advertised with no extra effort needed on my part. I just leave it in place when not using the hitch for other accessories as it adds a nice accent appearance. Very pleased.
it arrived on time ,it fit well. . it is well made.. it is very easy to install.. it fits a  2 inch hitch...
The black paint used on this is not very durable. I bought this in January and left it on through the winter.  The black mounting bar became very rusted.
Tried the Bully CR-600 on 2 different receivers and it did not fit into either one. Never had this problem before.  Must be a bad piece.
I purchased the utility step for easy access to the rear of my Mercedes Benz SUV. It makes it so easy to clean the rear compartment section.Installs quick and easy not rattles and does not stick out to far behind the rear bumper so there is not worry of banging you leg on it.Good Buy.
This product is really cool. It looks good and is functional as well. I have it on my 2011 Pathfinder and I like the fact that it stands out. I hope that it will keep folks from parking too close in parking lots. The step is great too. I really like it and would recommend it for anyone who needs an extra step or just plain likes the looks of it.
This step is just fair. Quality is poor. Does not set square in hitch.  I would look for a different manufacturer.
I bought to create some distance from all those people that can't judge distance and end up stopping with your car. It looks great, and it provides a rugged look.
great product!!
Good stuff.  Nice and sturdy.  Bought it as a gift, the recipient uses it daily.Shipped quick and was exactly as advertised.
I needed a step closer to the ground and this thing works really well in giving you that extra step when stepping into the bed of a truck.
hitch was an improvement over the ball hitch we were using as a step.  wish I'd ordered a bigger one, though.
Might interfere with backup warning sensors because of how far the step sets back from the vehicle even using the closest setting.  This feature does make the step safer overall, but it is something to be aware of.
I replaced a fold down step with this bully step. It looks so nice on the vehicle and is always there ready to use. I love the curved ends so when I am not on it and just working around it, I do not hit myself with the ends like the straight ones and I do not have to fold or unfold a step. I put it on a 2005 explorer. It comes with a piece with self adhesive tape to stick inside the hitch on the step to keep it from rattling and it works great. I live on a dirt road with lots of potholes and no rattles. THe rubber on the top of the step keeps me from slipping. Great product. I did buy a locking hitch pin because it looks so nice, I was afraid someone would try to steal it.
It was a good fit. I think it makes my Tahoe look good and as a bumper guard, I feel safe parking on the streets of Chicago.
exactly what I needed a high quality product have recommended to my friends excellent communication fast shipment great price will buy from this person again
I bought this for my Honda Ridgeline because of people parking right up to my rear bumper.  Now they have no choice but to stay at least as far back as the Bully.  I then installed a 2 inch hitch onto my Honda CR-V, not to tow anything, but to allow for the CR-V to have added rear protection as well.  Then my neighbor wanted one for his Toyota 4 Runner.  Now my sister wants one, and I will be getting it for her.But unless you like donating your Bully to someone walking by your car in a parking lot, get the locking pin for it as well.
The hitch step has been in use for about 6 months now, it's perfect for our 7 year old to hop into the back of the SUV. I was just a little surprised at the rate in which rust has appeared on the step.
Had the Bully hitch mounted for 2 months now with no rattles and no rear bumper damage.  With all the road salt here in the northeast, the stainless steel and the black plastic step is in good shape but rust is appearing under the black paint of the receiver bar.
purchased it got it fast and perfect product will defenetly put this item on my other truck i give it 5 stars
After adding another hole in the hitch to recess it further it looks great. Chrome matches up well with the surronding trim of an ML350.
It fit nicely on my 2013 Nissan Pathfinder. I spray the clear RUSTOLEUM before I put it on so that there will be rust free.
This is the perfect step to attach to  you hitch. If you have a lower hitch like the 2000 to 2006 chevy or GMC SUV, and not so good for the 2007's it's in the middle of the bumper.  It sure makes it easy to enter the rear door to load items and to put stuff on top of your SUV.
looks great and provide extra protection to car, easy to install and/or remove, does not rust or need to clean
This is a great value for the money and is well made.I really love it.I have seen others that cost more and are not as nice.
Delivery was fairly quick as usual with Amazon. The step is exactly as described. We bought a shell for our Dodge Ram truck bed so that my wife and I can travel and camp in the back. The shell has a nice rear door (opens vertically like an actual door) so that you can just step inside and close the door behind you (no tailgate or horizontal lift type door). The problem is that the back of the truck sits quite high and my wife had trouble stepping up to the bumper. We had previously used a plastic step stool to make this access but it was inconvenient as it always had to be stowed when traveling and was fairly large. The Bully Step definitely solves that problem. The tolerance(gap)between the step insert and the receiver varies by hitch brand I'm assuming as the little plastic wedge could not be installed exactly as per the instructions. Very little clearance in my case. I did manage to get it wedged in enough to function as intended though. Although we haven't done any real traveling since installing it, I have maybe put 100 miles on the truck just running errands etc and I can't hear any rattle or noise from the installation so the concept seems to work. The build quality looks good and there are no issues that I can see. Bear in mind that a 4 star rating from me is about the best I ever give as I reserve the top rating for something that far exceeds my expectations. My only hesitation to give it 5 stars is the fact that once installed it really isn't much lower than the bumper itself so it's still a bit difficult for my wife to make that first big step. It does extend back though which makes the footing and entry to the truck bed much more secure than trying to step on the narrow bumper itself. If it had been designed with a compound angle to position it one or two inches lower, it would have been perfect.
Great Product !! I have a 6&#34; Lift and was tired of tying to get in my truck without injury. Would highly recommend this product. Looks great and has a factory fit. Nice addition to any pick up..
Love this item...second one I bought.  Purchased one for my Dodge Ram, then sold it, bought new Nissan Titan and wanted another receiver step, as I left the other one in the Ram I sold.
This is really makes it so much easyer to get in and out of the truck bed if your truck sits high. Easy to install and remove.Looks really great. This product is really well made as well. This is my second one.
The hitch is beautifully made with a solid structure. It's not bulky but functions both as a step and bumper protector. I give it a four star simply because it took me some time to install it with the included rattle-stopper.
I was looking for something to protect the rear of my new Ford Escape. This is a perfect solution. It also makes the vehicle more identifiable in a parking lot loaded with similar style vehicles. It is very rugged and can be used as a step.
I purchased this product to give a little protection to my car and it has worked, people don't park as close in fear of hitting the big bully. great product and worth every penny.
This is a very simple solution to reaching things in the bed and stepping over the tailgate when necessary. Looks good too
I bought the bully hitch step solely to keep people from parking to close to my new Avalanche.  Before I had the item people would park practically on my bumper.  The anxiety of scuff marks on the black paint was driving me mad since I am "Car Crazy."  Now that I have the item people give me PLENTY of clearance space.  Its wonderful.  I wish I could put this on my Saturn Sky.  The hitch step comes with an anti-rattle wedge with red 3M tape so it makes no noise at all.  The polish metal matches the other bright work really well.  The step looks as if it were standard equipment due to how well it blends in.  My only complaint is that the plastic molding had slight manufacturing discoloration and after a year of usage the plastic guard came loose.  Make sure to buy a hitch-pin lock or its liable to be swiped by another truck owner or some idiots that parked to close.
The best money can buy, The best money can buy. perfectly fits and secured, made of strong solid steel, just love it and good exchange of money
Had one of these and got rear ended in brooklyn.  the other guys bumper was destroyed, this little bumper totally saved my truck.
This is a great piece of equipment for any truck. The step adds safety when you need to get into the truck bed or off. We have a flatbed on our pick up and this has always been helpful. It is curved on the ends so you do not hit your shin on it too! And it adds a good look to the back of the truck. Excellent product for looks, use and it is easy to take out when you need your trailer hitch.
This hitch step is solid and installation is quick. This product only fits 2in hitch receivers contradicting what the product details states that its fits 1 1/4in receivers and 2in receivers. I luckily have a 2in receiver on my truck so it slid right in. Also the insert that goes into the hitch is solid metal and not plastic as stated in other reviews. The step does not rattle either because its almost a complete snug fit but this product comes with anti-rattle tab that can be installed once you put the step into your hitch. I would recommend this product to anybody looking for a good quality hitch step.
I think this item is great. Not only do I not whack my leg on my trailer hitch anymore, it's easy now to climb into the back of my Silverado HD2500 (2"lift). My only caveat is that if you order this item - request that vendor package it carefully. I received mine with almost no packing material inside the box and a dent in the chrome tube - presumably incurred during shipping guessing from the dents on the box.
This item was received on time and packaged very well. Works great, is easy to step up on and with rounded ends is not a hazard to bump your knees on.
I sleep better at night knowing this is on my boat trailer. I havent touched mine for over 6 years as it was locked on my trailer hitch not protected from rain and snow. When I had to move the trailer last month it opened up without getting stuck or any difficulty. It also locked and moved very smooth with no problems when I put it back on. The best part was no rust. So I just ordered another for my car trailer because it withstood the test of time on my boat trailer. It also fit on my bulldog hitch. Its a small price to pay for added protection. Even if they only have a few different key codes for the locks, this is just a deterrent for theft. If someone wants your trailer that bad, they will saw this off or any other lock thats made. You can only lock and chain the wheels to keep someone from taking it. And there are ways around that. However, this is nice for added protection if you are going to leave it in your yard or somewhere visable to the public because it will take a thief a lot of time to saw it off before getting spotted. It is better that nothing! And if a thief spots it, they will just move on to the next easier job. That is the whole idea here. But it fits nice on all my trailers and it wont rust away or jam up when you take it off after long periods of time. Fulton has always made good lock products. Highly recommended in my book.
Save your money. I thought that it would work like the mildew spray from the same company but as good as the mildew spray is...that is as bad as the rust remover is. It just does not work.
Ordered this item to use on the refrigerator at home to remove some rust stains. Although it is not like the instant rust remover i am used to.Using it over a period of time does the job.
I don't understand how people say that it doesn't work.....I had large stains from various tools being left on the boat (2+ yrs old) and this stuff worked great with no effort! I didn't even have to scrub it.....  It is $$ but it works great!
I might as well have been using water. Tried cleaning my motorcycle chain. The cycle gear stuff was way better however it also seemed way worst for the environment. It's a toss up, you want something that works or something that smells bad and is as good as water (starbright).
Removed stubborn rust stains from vinyl siding quite easily. I had tried several types of cleaners that did not work. This one did just as advertised. Follow the directions and it was quite simple.
This stuff works great.  Spray on sink, let sit for a minute, scrub a bit with a greeny, rinse and enjoy a shiny clean sink.  Works in tubs and showers also.
Had very bad rust stains on both plastic and gel coat parts of my boat. A few squirts of this and everything looks brand new. Recommend outside use as it gives off a strong chemical odor.
Removes rust stains well if you dampen them first and let it sit for a while.  Watch out if you have allergies.  The fumes give me asthma symptoms if I don't ventilate properly.
I had a garage door that had some brownish stains on it.  The door is made of vinyl and I triedeverything from Clorox to lightly sanding and nothing would take it out.I sprayed on this product and within minutes the stains completely disappeared.My only regret is that I only ordered one bottle.
Great product, butthe fumes do not need to be breathed . Fast acting and strong enough to get rust off quickly.
UPS delivered this 15 minutes ago and I already got all the very dark orange sprinkler stains off the front of my stucco house. I sprayed it on thinking it would take a few minutes to work. No, the stains literally disappeared within 3 seconds of application. I scrubbed the house with CLR and a hard brush for about an hour the other day with only a mild change in color of the stains. This stuff is amazing. One tip though: either use a mask or hold your breath while spraying. I breathed some fumes in and started choking.
I used this product to remove rust stains from vinyl siding.  very simple to use - spray on, wait a few minutes, hose off, stains gone.
This stuff works great . . . . . . . .. . . . .. .. .. . . MMmMmmMm m m m m m m m m
It does just what it says.  I'm not sure there is a lot of difference in any of the brands of rust stain removers, but this works as adverstised.
I had rust spots on my camper, sprayed this on and it did nothing.  The rust was and is still there after a number of applications of this stuff.
It has become part of my program to squirt a little of this stuff where I start to see discoloration from rust on my boat.  Takes the stain right away.
Should remove rust as it states - and frankly i cannot confirm that it did.
Purchased this product very recently to clean the zillion Rust spots & Rust marks on my boat. Just sprayed it on, left it to settle for about 30 seconds, then using a soft cloth just wiped it off.... and the rust spots/marks just came off without any effort. Also there were no visible scratches and/or damage to the fiberglass hull on my boat. Really impressed with this product !!!  Tried a couple of other products (sprays/powders) before I tried Starbrite, but as you can imagine they were pretty useless. Nice One Starbrite Rust Remover, will definitely be checking out the rest of your product range. This product should be freely available at more outlets.
Didn't take off the black mildew spots on my boat seats... so pretty much didn't do what i thought it would.
Least amount of work to get your tubes clean again. Made mine look like new again. Would recommend to all.
I used a bottle, and then ordered more great to have on hand. I will recommend this to my friends.
We've used this product for 18 years and it has withstood the test of time.  We bought of 21 ft. Chaparral 18 years ago.  We use have used Meguiar's vinyl cleaner/protectant regularly.  The boat vinyl looks almost like new.
The vinyl folding cover for the bed of my truck was a year old and was faded and getting dried out. After washing the cover and letting it dry, I applied the Meguiar product as directed and it returned my cover to a &#34;like new&#34; appearance. I suspect that if I apply the product several times a year I can extend the life of the cover by a number of years. I highly recommend it.
I have a one year old Achilles inflatable that I needed to clean up before putting away for the winter. I bought this product thinking it to be the best for this type of boat. Wrong! Not only did it not remove heavy stains, it didn't even remove light stains or dirt, even if you used brute force!So I went into my garage and pulled out a bottle of &#34;boat soap&#34; from West Marine and with no elbow work or effort at all the dirt and stains were easily removed. Even though the boat soap is designed for rubber boats I thought I'd give Maguiar's a try based on their advertising. Big mistake. Will never use again. It is no better than using vinegar and water.
I think I'st for light cleaning. It leave a shins that smells good.We will see how the Protectant part works out.
Works great, gives a good shine after washing or touching up. Does not work well for removing water spots and is expensive.
Have used this product many times before and it does a better job than anything we have found.Could not find it anywhere else but here.Thanks
Quickly cleaned my Waverunner seats that have been sitting under its cover all winter long. Provided a bright protective shine and not to slippery
If you like Armor All type finishes this is 10 times better then any other like product. Its a more consistant finish in a sense you use less but it lasts and holds up. I use it on mats and RV roofs tough to keep looking new stuff. Dashboards looks like new now last coat a year ago still looks nice. Its not greasy but slick till it drys, like Armor all texure but you can almost polish it in a way once it drys to buff it up to a higher shine. Its a little pricy at 1st glance but your getting 16oz and it goes a long way.......I love it of course Meguiars WOULD COME OUT WITH THE BEST OF THE BEST !!!!!!!Buy it!!!!!!!!!
I was looking to refresh and renew some vinyl on my boat, I had it pretty clean and wanted the protection. This product turned my white vinyl yellow. DO NOT use this product if you want your vinyl to remain white. Very unhappy with this and will never buy it again. You have been warned.
I have used this product on my vinyl upholstery on my boats for over 10 years.  Protects but isn't shiny like Armor-all and does get sticky like 303.  Stays soft with a slight sheen.
This product came in old, dirty ,squashed packaging. I did not return it because I needed it for a gift. It is watery and ineffective. I think because it is old ..Just Junk.
The product worked great to remove stains and mildew off of the vinyl in my boat.  I am buying another bottle!
I would order this product again.  It met my expectations completely.  My boat sunk and it lost his luster and using this product brought it back almost as good as new.
I have been using this product on my boat's vinyl seats for seven years and they still look great. Great product!
I bought this product to clean the "blooming" off my Hunter rain boots! It works great! It does require some harder than expected rubbing but the white stuff does come out!
Fantastic for car interiors, upholstery etc.  Deep cleaning and not too shiny results, and much longer lasting than anything else I have every tried and I have sampled many products.  Even good on very hard plastics.  Makes the effort much more worthwhile.
Any of you that have a boat and like to take care of it know that you need to clean it every time you take it out of the water. I don't mean a scrub down and wax, but wiping down the inside and outside with mild cleaner is essential to keeping the boat new. I use Ducky's on the outside for the water spots, but was just using a wet towel on the inside. I was not happy with the snide results. I use the final cleaner/conditioner at the beginning of the season, but every trip is impractical. This is the answer. Spray on, wipe off, done. Gets off soda, beer, sweat, sunscreen, everything that will make your seats dirty. Just spray and wiped own the boat and the seats stay nice and white. A must have if you ever plan on selling your boat down the line.
used this product for exterior rubber weather strip as suggested by manufacturer for exterior on my home. I went with a good quality product and it did not leave any streaking. I needed to use product to maintain a warranty so I went for the good stuff.
We have used this product for many years and find it to be superior to other products on the market. we use it on our boat, hot tub cover and our convertible top.
Great stuff. Cleans very well and leaves the boat seats looking new.
Lats a long time, well worth the money. U get what u pay for for. Easy to apply and use...
Recently purchased this item to try it on my new Spa Cover. Even though the spa cover is only about a month old an application of Maguuiar's Boat/RV & Rubber Cleaner/Protectant made it look better than new. Very pleased with this product.
I have yet to find another product that protects like this one. Superior UV protection and smells great too! Worth it
To me, this product is the smell of summer! :) We bought a used boat with grime caked on all of the vinyl and seats. This cleaner completely removed all of the grime and made our white seats look brand new again. If there were problem spots, we would just let the product sit on the spot for a while and then it would wipe right off. The conditioner in the product also does well to keep dirt off throughout the season. I will never use another cleaner!
I use this in conjunction with Armor All cleaning wipes and they make quick work of it. Very pleased:  my third purchase!.
I use the Meguiar's 57 to clean the clear plastic enclosure on the front of my houseboat.  I have tried most every product and this works better than  any I have tried.
LIVE IN THE CALIFORNIA DESERT (PALM DESERT) AND IT GETS VERY HOT!MY EXPENSIVE RV TIRES WERE STARTING TO CRACK ON THE SIDEWALLS.THIS PRODUCT ACTUALLY WORKS. HAVE YET TO FIND A BETTER PRODUCT.
Been using this for years, mostly in my boats. Will clean what other products won't , like spider poop.Also lubricates, keeps vinyl soft. Makes rubber rub rail look new.
I bought this for my truck, not for a boat, because I live in a very dusty environment, and wanted something that wouldn't evaporate in the hut sun. I'm very satisfied with it's performance. It may take two of three applications to get through months and years of grime, but that's not the fault of the product; it's the fault of the user for waiting so long between applications.Once you get a surface cleaned, the application lasts for at least a month, even when exposed to daily bright sun and high temperatures. It also seems to restore suppleness to vinyl surfaces and may even have an effect on shrinkage. (My truck is 10 years old and some shrinkage is evident around the fittings. After applying this product, the shrunk areas don't appear to be as taut as they previously looked, but this may be subjective.)It doesn't have quite the "new car" smell that you enjoyed when you got your car, but it does smell as if the factory was less of an ancient memory. That contributes to my feeling that I'll be driving my truck for more years to come. I can't say for how it works on the water, but I'll be using this product until I no longer drive.
This is a very good product and worked really well to clean the badly soiled vinyl cushion covers of my boat. However, there seems to be a slight residual stickiness that's been noticeable for a couple of weeks. Hopefully, it will resolve itself with time. We'll see.
I bought this for use on my travel trailer. The cleaner spread on easily and covered well. The vinyl was noticeably cleaner and more supple.
This product was purchased along with Meguiar's Marine & RV Fiberglass Restoration System.  We could see a marked difference after using the restoration system and would recommend it for a great facelift to a 12 year old R.V.!  Very happy with the results.  We plan to use it on our recently purchased boat as well.
Works great.
This product is garbage.  Used on my 29 foot cabin cruiser and actually made the boat look worse.  There is no substitute for a real wax job and after using this product I will be rewaxing the boat the right way.  Leaves the boat looking very spotty and streaky.  With that said always been a big Meguiar's guy.  Save youself some time and buy the Meguiars premium wax and do it right the first time.
Works great. I have tried many different spray waxes on my Donzi, this one not only produces a good shine, but also seems to remove dirt and marks on the gelcoat better than most. Would recommend.
Easy on, easy off.  It leaves my boat with that buffed smooth feeling.  I highly recommend the product.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT FOR NOT ONLY BOATS & RVS, BUT ALSO MIRRORS, GLASS & ESPECIALLY SHOWER GLASS DOORS (MAKES IT MUCH EASIER TO CLEAN)...I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO EVERYONE!!
Got this wax to use after the #67 One Step.  Went on and off with no rubbing and made the boat look new.  I used Muratic Acid, then one step, then the Flagship wax- great results! Oh and BTW, went into my local West M####E store and this same 32oz bottle was on the shelf for $45.99- get it here and buy 2 and still be ahead.
Through the years I've tried several different products for both my fiberglass sailboat and motorhome.  Nothing has given the quality of durable shine that I found with Meguiar's.  This was my first time to use any Meguiar's product and it has made me a new and loyal customer.  It was as easy to apply as the directions on the bottle claimed.  It looks better than I expected.
Have been using this product for over a year and very pleased with how nice the fiberglass on my RV looks. I use this in conjunction with Meguiars Flagship Wax and Cleaner. No more searching for the perfect fiberglass wax because this stuff works great for me.
Spreads on easily and wipes off nicely.  Left my boat with a mirror finish.
I used this on a 18 year old Sea Ray 220 boat with decent gel coat cuz it is periodically waxed. I used 3M marine wax prior and wasn't happy with the results, I always felt I could get an incredible shine out of this boat. I feel I was able to with this product. I read the Boating Magazine's review last year which reviewed multiple boat wax products, and Meguiar's Flagship wax topped the charts. I am very happy with the results on my boat. And get this... I applied it under a carport, on an overcast day, and at sunset, and even with those dark light conditions I was so excited with how it turned my 18 yr old shine back to a showroom floor shine, I kept going that night under the lights. And I wasn't even planning on it because of how late it was getting in the evening, I just wanted to see what one section looked like. The results after the first application were so impressive, it continued to motivate me to get the whole boat done.  " wooah..this is awesome", i kept saying that in my mind and kept on going! It continued to motivate me along and got most of the boat done.Don't be mistaken, if you have serious oxidation and age, you shouldn't start with this product, but most likely, you can finished up the stages with this product. This product makes an okay, but dull used boat surface look great. Or if your boat has been your baby for 18 years and kept up, you can get back 90% of your showroom shine. I told all my boating friends about this product, it is indeed exciting to see such profound results so quick and in poor light.  I can't wait till the sun comes out, I'll be ecstatic. I did notice one section I chose to do again cuz I didn't let it sit long enough before buffing out. Don't get me wrong... Don't let it set longer than 4-5 minutes, but this certain section I only let glaze for maybe just 1 minute before I buffed it and it wasn't long enough. But I also left a section sit for too long after being interrupted by a spouse, and that didn't work out, so I had to redue that section too. I do not fault this product for this, it was operator error. So it can be a little testy with how long it is set to glaze over before you buff/polish it off. Also, It is extremely smooth after the buff, that of course was impressive too cus I could compare the smooth/glide with an untouched section. Your money goes further here, get it! Seriously. This product doesn't have numerous amazing reviews for nothing!
been using this wax for years on my cars.. So why not on the boat. Goes on easy comes off easy and gives a high shine. I use in between detailings which I do twice a year.keeps the boat looking new.Price is a little high compaired to car polish. Other than the fact that it says Marine on it we all no that that doubles the price right off.
I know Meguiar's already has an outstanding reputation, but I felt compelled to reinforce that by leaving a review.  I used this product on a fiberglass boat that had pretty significant fading due to sun exposure.  After just one coat and minimal polishing, the color came back to life and my hull is looking like new.  After seeing the results on the boat, I used this product on a painted aluminum sided travel trailer.  Again, it brought the color to life.  I'm a fan and will be a repeat customer.
Started waxing my 2 year old motor home with very good results compared to auto wax.This rv sat on the dealers lot for a full year, un waxed before I bought it and had oxidation on all fiberglass surfaces. I used a premium car wax on it last year and while it shined up it was clear that it would need some polish to get rid of the haze. I was hoping this product would live up to the reviews and I have to agree with the hype. This stuff goes on a little tougher than some due to it's quick drying but wipes off very easy. Comparing newly waxed areas to the old is night and day whether hand or machine applied. I even washed a waxed area with dish soap as a test and it dried shiny, oxidation gone. Now I'm hoping the UV protection works as claimed.A bottle this size should have some finger grips molded in for shaking and handling even with my large hands. Awkward.
Great product. Really good price, only wish it knew how to apply itself. Then it would truly be a perfect product.
Great for fiberglass. I tried several cleaners and different types of auto wax, this product is the best for smooth side RV's.
Great cleaning wax. Easy to apply and remove. Its winter so can not rate longevity. Waxed my entire boat in half the time it normally takes.
The jetski couldn't be any more perfect than it is now. It's so waxed that I'm sure it'll slip right out of the water
First time using this product and I must say it makes the black color on my boat look like water!  Plus when pulling the boat out of the water it dries quickly with less spotting.
Works just as described, did a nice job on my old boat, made a 30 year old boat look 20
I have used this product previously, I think it is the best Marine Wax available, I will purchase again when this supply is gone.
Really, really love the product. I used it for the first time a couple of weeks ago and highly recommend it. I do believe that it is the best wax that I have ever used. I am so glad that I purchased this product.
Many RVer's recommend using this product on the fiberglass molded parts of their units. I finally broke down and purchased this product. I highly recommend this product for the molded fiberglass on an RV.  This is a premium wax and is manufactured for this type of fiberglass. I also purchased a bottle of Marine cleaner/wax to use as a first coat. Note if your vehicle has been painted , has a decal on it and has a coat of clear coat I would not use it. Why, any good brand car wax will suffice. Save this product for your unprotected fiberglass, front caps, rear areas.
This is the best wax that I have ever use and I have spent a pile of money on other products that claim that they do the same. Buy it in the 32 oz size at Amazon for the best deal.nuff said!
Absolutely perfect! Very good construction and appearance! I would highly recommend this item to friends and family! Thank you very much!
I am a car RV detail guy. My car and RV must be shining new all the time. I thought I had found the best shine wax protection using an rv wax called protect-all with UV inhibitors in it prior to trying this Flagship wax and used it for years and it did the job and nothing else on the market ( so I thought) was going to top it for fiberglass. I use McGuires Fiberglass restorer and that did the most amazing removal of oxidation on an older RV I restored back to new so I knew it had to be good and tried it.I ADDED REVISED REVIEW TO END OF ORIGINAL REVIEW ON THIS PAGE.........................................................................................................................Well after applying this Flagship wax to my already clean and shiny RV it took the shine to a whole higher level. 1st off it does go on easy, once on its stays kind of moist like but drys SOFT LIKE but it comes off nice, then I follow with 2nd dry cloth to make sure its completly off and shiny and it does come off easy and it does clean finish up leaving a nice shiny glazed surface. But you need to change up rags often because it cakes and smears if you dont.I read reviews on Amazon which enticed me to give it a try. One said dont let dry any longer then 3 min and bottle claims same ( This is very true I am so pleased at results.The biggest improvment was the nice gold painted bottom of the Motorhome where the paint looked good before but now the paint looks glazed, shiny, and rich like I never was able to get this high a shine before. It also does not cling to plastic, windows or rubber everything it touches it comes off of leaving a high shine on it, So I used it on everything.NOW THIS IS MY REVISED REVIEW AS OF AUGUST 2013. AFTER USING THIS AND LIKING IT AT 1ST... I FOUND IT WILL CONTINUE TO BEAD BUT WATER STREAKS SEEM TO STICK AND STAY ON WAXED SURFACE ON FIBERGLASS EVEN WASHING WONT REMOVE THEM EASY. SO I WENT BACK TO USING PROTECT-ALL ON MY RV. IT SHINES AS WELL BUT ALSO THE WATER STREAKS ARE MINIMAL AFTER A RAIN AND WASH OFF EASIER.I also find the protect-all brand wax to last long and come off cleaner after applying wax leaving a cleaner shine.Making it far easier to do a big RV in less time then Flagship wax. I FOUND fLAGSHIP TO BE CAKY THICK AND HARDER TO REMOVE AND HAVING TO CONSTANTLY GET FRESH RAGS TO MAKE IT EASY TO GET OFF.........So we tried it- liked it at first but then a week or so later found the flagship to not be as good as what I used for years in the Protect-all brand. I LOVE McGUIRES PRODUCTS MOST TIMES.
great stuff
I have used this wax twice on my RV and once on my car.  It is flawless.  The RV has both painted and fiberglass gelcoat finishes, and it worked great on both.  I have used other waxes that go on easy, but are hard to remove.  This wax removes as easy as it goes on.  If I get some of the wax on the black rubber moldings or other plastic, it comes off without leaving a white residue.  I appreciate that.  It also cleans up and removes the oxidation from the large decorative decals on the RV.  It takes me about 8 hours to wax the RV and only about 1.5 hours to wax the car.  This wax is the best that I've found.
I've always have used colonite paste wax since I've been a teenager on my cars so hard to change. This wax is a very good cleaner wax and is very easy to wipe off! I purchased it due to reviews of easy off and it did not disappoint. Having children now it's hard to find time to wax and having something that is easy off makes waxing much faster. I used this for my fiberglass boat and it did a great job!
I have a 33' long 5th wheel trailer that's 12' high.  After having extensively worked this unit over with 3M's fiberglass gelcoat restorer and wax, a task that took considerable effort over more than a week of chipping away at it, I was happy with the results.  That said, I live in the desert and figured a good coat of Mequire's Flagship Boat product would be beneficial if for nothing else as to add in some UV protection (this product touts that as a key attribute).  So a couple of weeks after the 3M work I applied this product to my large trailer and the results were extremely disappointing.My trailer is white gelcoat and after having applied this product I could see a white 'haze' over much of the surface the product was applied on.  When i started out the surface was pretty much a mirror finish, but now had a slight haze on them, very disappointing.  I went back over the entire unit to ensure I had buffed it all off well enough but that didn't seem to do anything.  After being on the coach for about a month now I'm resigned to the fact I need to go back over everything again with some carnuba-based product (which is frustrating given the effort required).  A sample area I have already re-waxed with Mequires "cleaner wax" (a carnuba product) brought back the high luster that the Flagship Marine Wax screwed up.Bottom line for me is I'm going to stay with carnuba products and most likely the 3M line as those have proven to work well for me over a 10+ year period (you just have to be careful with hard water around them or it'll get stripped off).
We have tried many types of wax's for boats and RV's before Meguiars.  Since w are in Florida we needed a wax that would hold up with Sun and high humidity.  We have been buying this wax for 3 years and will continue to purchase it.
I used this for the first time after reading the ratings on it.  This stuff is fantastic!  It goes on very easy, not at all too pasty and it comes off very easily.. What a great luster it left on my 6 year old fiberglass boat.  Great stuff.
After using the Meguir's oxidizer remover and applying this product to my RV I barely notice a difference. Pretty expensive product for poor results!
Bought this and P-38 to compare the two after reading hours of reviews. I waxed one side with the P-38 and the other with the Meguiars so that I could monitor how long each look over time. Anybody that has ever lost a day washing and waxing a 33' RV knows that finding a long lasting wax is crutial to reducing the amount of times this daunting task needs to be performed. The P-38 is a very thick wax that will no doubt give me a long durable coating. However, the wax lays down heavy and will clog your bonnets during removal. The Premium Marine Wax lays down about half as thick and buffs to a beautiful shine with little effort or excess wax in the bonnet. Both are holding up well at this point but I will post an update at the six month mark. But so far the Meguiar's is the best bang for the buck and is easier to work with.
I have had boats and the service crews that serve them for 13 years. Good or bad, they always seem to use the same products. This wax seems to be very popular with the pros and now I understand why. It leaves a great, glossy sheen even on my 11 year old Sea Ray. Key is to make sure to wipe it ALL off. Last team to do my boat used Meguiar's but left a lot of it on there. It left part of the boat looking hazy instead if shiny. I used a hi speed buffer and took my time. Best wax I ever had.
This wax is excellent for waxing fiberglass boat surfaces.  It goes on very smoothly and reveals a new looking shine on boats and outboard motors.  I couldn't believe how well it made a 1998 Mercury motor look.
Boat shines like brand new...love it...can not go wrong with meguiar's products. Would highly recommend this to anyone...goes on easy and off just as easy.
I have used this product for many years, first on my Sea Doo of 9 years and now on my boat.  Makes almost a slippery layer on the fiberglass, so do not use it on spots where you are going to walk.  When I sold my Sea Doo of 9 years the new buyer could not believe how good it looked, he touched it and said the fiberglass was perfectly smooth, the best he had seen even in newer used models.  Where the water hits all the time, such as hull it does wear off fairly soon, but I am not sure there is product that prevents that.  When washing I use the Meguiars Flagship Marine Soap, two in combination work very well.  Allot easier to get water spots off.
Heard about the quality of Meguiar's Wax. Didn't know exactly what to expect. Applied it to an RV. Immediate results were excellent.Amazon delivery was quicker than expected.......Thanks Amazon
I bought this to try on my travel trailer with a gel coat finish. It worked very well, went on easy, wiped off clean, pleasant odor, removed stains and marks. I enjoyed using it compared to a lot of other products I have tried over the years. I have found that Meguiar products generally are quite good. Price is not great but reasonable - I was satisfied and will purchase this product again. Oh yeah, I should have mentioned that I applied by hand with terry cloth towel and removed with microfiber cloth.
I used this to wax my 34' fifth wheel rv.  I applied using a dual action polisher and the finish is great.  Would recommend this product.
I use this wax several times a season on my boat.  It is easy to apply and buffs away without too much effort.  Application prior to hitting the water for a week or so allows for easy cleanup of the exterior of the boat when you get it out of the water.  I've used other Meguiar's products for my cars, but found this product based largely upon other online reviews of boat care products.  It is outstanding, and I've purchased additional wax as I've run out and my Dad has also begun using this on his boats.I was surprised to later find that this was the only wax product being sold in a large marine product dealer's brick/mortar store.  Clearly, this is a wax that is held in high regard by marine users.  Keep your boat looking good with this great marine fiberglass wax product!
I usually use automotive wax and a buffer every year or two.  This year I used this marine wax and didn't need the buffer. It looks great and was a lot easier.  I hope the color lasts all season.
expensive but goes on easy and buffs out nice we'll see how well it lasts in a couple of months
Great finish,easy to apply!  Time will tell if it holds up. I am using this on our Casita 17 SD  camper.
This wax work really well on my fiberglass motorhome. The wax is easy to apply and wipes off without a lot of labor.
I applied to all of my boats that I detailed in the last year. It has a great luster and dries quickly with easy removal in the sun.
This marine wax was recommended by a manufacturer for exterior metal surface on my house to remain under warranty. While this product was pricey, it did go on and wipe down with ease. I know it is meant for autos as it is a superior wax.
This  is the best wax I've used for my boat.  I have a 24 year old boat and trailer.  After waxing the boat it looks like a mirror and the trailer went from faded to a deep shiny color again, like when it was new.  I used it last year and it still beads water and the new coat went on super easy.  Taking the wax off is even easy.  I like it so much, I'm going to try it on my car.  It is by far the best wax I've used since Classic Car wax.
Meguair's makes great care products and this is just another great product. Flagship Premiun Marine Wax is very easy on easy off and a great shine. Besure you remove oxidation first.
This is a great wax. It was recommended to me by a fellow boater and boy was it impressive. Go buy it if you need a great wax that gives the best results.
Very easy to use.  Go's on easy and set up quick.  Very easy to remove with machine or by hand.
I completed waxing my 40' Cottage RV today. Yah, it took a couple of days to do, but the shine makes me proud! People stop by to see what I am using...very happy to recommend this product as it is by far the best I have used. This unit sits in the sun in AZ over the summer and there is no fading.....we also have a 5th wheel that we use in the summer and nothing I tried on it came close to replicating this product. We used to pull the 5ver to AZ and it lost some of the shine on one side from the afternoon sun. This product brought the shine back...very happy about that.I bought Meguires Ultimate and waxed my car and truck this summer....big mistake. I should have used this product!
This stuff is really good.  It goes on very easily, and comes off just as easy.  It takes a while to do a large boat, but man this stuff really is great and the results speak for themselves!
After reading reviews and opinions on other waxes, I just stuck with what I`ve used before and I`m not disappointed at all. I did however apply this wax with a buffer. After cutting the hull with Flitz, I followed through with Flagship premium wax and this 15 year hull looks incredible!
Used this product on my 13 year old boat and the difference stood out enough that the neighbor at the next dock said the boat looked &#34;whiter&#34;.
I really like it, easy to apply, doing a great job et also easy too polish. I recommanded this product to my friends and they buy it.
Started using product when we purchaced our new camper in spring of 2012.  I wax it twice a year and it always beads water and cleans easy.  Most importantly it goes on and off easy.  Makes waxing 35 feet of camper no problem.
This is some of the best wax I've used on my boat. It goes on and comes off easily and leaves a brilliant shine. For best results use with Meguiar's One-Step Compound.
Application is easy and buffing is not difficult. It  seals pores and provides a good slick surface, even on weathered fiberglass. Maximum protection for minimum effort, kind of product I like.
TYPICAL OF ALL OTHER MEGUIAR PRODUCTS......GREAT.....REALLY PUTS A SHINE TO MY BOAT...LOOKS LIKE NEW NOW...EASY TO APPLY AND EASY TO BUFF....GOES A LONG WAY AS WELL...ENOUGH TO DO MY 18' BOAT SEVERAL TIMES OVER....GOOD PROTECTION...
Awesome wax for my Motorhome I would suggest this to anyone with a fiberglass RV so easy to use and good shine.
Meguiar's flagship wax comes in a 32-oz. container. Carnuba wax has a terrific reputation, and this wax does not disappoint.  I use it on my motorcycle, scooter, car, and SUV.  The big surprise is that it is also excellent on those Stainless steel kitchen appliances.  The wax easily and quickly rubs out the water trickle path from the ice cube/water dispensers in the outer door.  My experience is that it may last 2 or 3 weeks, but use your own experience to guide reapplications.  My wife just HAD to have stainless, all one brand, you know the type.  My son told me Stainless was "stupid" and that all it does is stain.  He's right.  I've search-engined for "best stainless steel cleaners", then "...waxes", then "...polishes", and checked out the top 12 and top 10 ratings by customers, and chanced upon a "quick-detail" polish, and suddenly I thought of car wax.  Best car wax?....marine wax.  It's made for harsh conditions, so I'm totally pleased.  The best thing is that I'm not being nagged anymore about the kitchen appliances.
works as advertised, got it for the motor home, leaves a super shiny finish, very easy to use. Just wipe on, let dry and wipe off
My wife and I own a double wide mobile home (2008 Palm Harbor) we use as a "getaway."  It has a Roman tub, a shower stall and a regular tub--all in fiberglass.  The shower "stall" gets 90 percent of the use and has double glass sliding doors; and a surround that has a pattern that imitates 3" "wavy" tile with simulated grout.  It has two narrow shelves (for shampoo, etc.) and two molded-in "seats".  The floor is a diamond plate, non skid design.I have faithfully used a liquid shower clean product and a squeegee on the inside of the doors and the surround, etc. after every shower, but since we're on well water, we have quite a calcium build up and the floor gets really grimy from dirt and body oil.On a DIY forum, I discovered that the floor can be easily cleaned with Easy Off Non Fuming (blue can) oven cleaner.  Spray it on and leave it for about an hour, then brush with a floor scrubbing-type brush to loosen the gunk.  Rinse and you're done.This is great for the floor, but not for the surround, seats and shelves, though.  In another DIY forum, I learned about the virtues of Meguiar's Flagship Marine Wax for boats, Rvs, etc., so I thought I'd give it a try.  I did some research and found out that marine wax is so much more expensive because it contains more carnuba and no talcum powder, which is what produces the white "haze" you get between body panels on a car when you use the less expensive products.  Also this wax is also a mild polish, which I thought would be helpful in my application.I did the shower stall today, by hand, and used the product on the aluminum trim on the sliding doors, the chrome, everywhere but the floor of the stall AND I used it on the inside of the glass sliding doors as well.  It took all the calcium deposits off of everything and was very easy to apply and remove, by hand, using microfiber cloths.I then took a shower and watched the water "fly" off all the surfaces, including the glass.  when I was done, I simply squeegeed the glass and wiped the bright work with a towel.This stuff is awesome!The only question is how long the product will stand up to the well water in the park, and only time will tell.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone, for all the uses already stated in these reviews, plus fiberglass bathroom fixtures.
This is my first time leaving a review and I am only doing it because of the results I got on my boat. The wax went on much easier than other waxes I have tried and came off easy as well. The time savings alone is worth the extra cost of this product, as my time and effort are worth so much more than small premium in price. That said, my 12 year old boat looks brand new, need I say more?.....
I use this on my RV and it shines great...  With something that big, I also recommend a top quality random orbital, like Griots 10765LNGCRD
I purchased this for my boat and have used it on my vehicles also. This wax is extremely durable and works 100x better than traditional wax. I even used it on my cloudy headlamp covers and it maintains them better than the restoration kit wax.
Goes on and buffs off easily.  Seems to stand up to pretty much an entire season of boating.  I will buy again and recommend it to others.  Cheaper at Amazon then the local boating store by quite a bit.
I'll admit it. I'm very loyal to Meguiars products since a teenager. This marine wax doesn't dissapoint! I want my boat bottom to shine and be as slick as possible and I get all that from this product.
Great RV wax. Easy to use and gives a beautiful shine. Wax is white so using on a white surface like on my coach makes it a little hard to see where your at when applying.
Our boat dealer recommended this as the best wax to use.  I found it was much cheaper online, so have been buying it there.
My purchase arrived promptly and I saved a lot of money for this superior product. Thanks.
Goes on very easy!  I've used other waxes that probably would last longer but they go on so hard that I'd rather use Meguiars twice.
I have used many products on my Motorhome and I found that M6332 Flagship outshines them all. It is extrememly easy to apply and to wipe off. I highly recommend.
I bought this wax at a local Autozone. I applied it to a 1977 corolla Sports Coupe (yellow) with original paint, i went over the vehicle with the Meguiar's Scratch X 2.0 first though.The Results were Awesome! I immediately saw the diffrence, i can actually see the reflections of cars off my hood. The paint looks deeper and it the paint doesnt look faded anymore.I will definetly buy again, next time im applying two coats.
I would not think that anything could make a new boat look even better. This product does. I have a Ranger Z118 that has sparkles in the jell coat. I clean the boat after each trip because surface dirt from the water tends to collect on the sides of the boat. I then apply the marine wax. Once, after I was finished, my wife said that she never realized that the boat had so many sparkles. This was makes them stand out like shinny diamonds. I purchased this wax because it was the top pick of a marine products company, even outclassing it's own product.
I use this with the Shurhold 130 boat hook to open a window above my front door which is inaccessible from the ground.  Very sturdy and easy to use.
Originally we bought this for the boat cleaning but after using it to dry the cars, that's where it is being used. It works well for the flat parts of the car, no stretching to reach the top of the cars, makes the job of drying the cars much easier for us.
I really like this extension. Goes from shot to really long so I can reach top of motor home with out ladder.
This is nice and long,  I don't even have to bend when I am scrubbing floors.  This combo is not only a knee saver but also a back saver.  I love this combo.
This long handle works well with all Shurhold attachments, but especially well with the gaff hook I bought with it.
I bought this telescoping handle to go along with the 1901 Shurhold paddle blade.  The Shurhold telescoping pole and the paddle were both sturdier that I expected. I keep it on my boat as an emergency use paddle that I easily store in a small space.
This pole is exactly what I was looking for to use with GoPro camera. Extends easily and has a red line running down the pole to align the snap pins.
I was worried that it would be to long in the collapsed position, it is not and it is helpful to have one handle serve as a boat hook and brush handle.
Expensive but a good quality product, one that you buy once and have for life. I was advised to purchase a telescoping handle to reach in higher places and make washing easier, especially far reaching areas. Works with the soft bristle brush I also purchased.
I purchase numerous Shurhold products and I am never disappointed. This product easily extends, and serves multiple purposes. It attaches to different Shurhold products for real versatility. Very happy with my purchase.
With this sturdy pole and the curved adaptor and pad, finally, I can wash the roof of my Subaru! Thanks!
A bit expensive, but all in all, this is a solid and quality telescoping handle, WHEN COMBINED with the accessories that are offered by SHURHOLD ONLY !!!!!I like the fact that their handle can be equipped with a:-boat hook-boat brush (Hard-Medium-Soft)-mop-fish netand the list goes on and on!Appears to be a quality product and made in the USA.
Shipment was quick with Prime, packaging was fine. etc.  No side to side motion at the end, which is good, I bought it for use with my GoPro cameras (using the optional attachment which is also top notch).  There is a handy red line on the side which has the catch for setting the length, which ensures you are not in a vicious loop trying to find the ball type adjustment pin when changing lengths.  The unit uses spring loaded pins much like an EZ-Up or umbrella to set the length, there are four holes 9 1/2&#34; apart.  This is better than the twist lock type which tend to corrode and seize over time, especially around salt water.
it is a good product i like the feel of it, the base needs more support when extended fells loose while scrubbing .
Awsome handle, well constructed, made in USA.  I love it!.... I was a fool buying two cheaper ones from West Marine (made in China $19.95) the both broke with in one year...total waste of money....I think this brush handle and brush should last me a while...!
This is a top quality handle that can take multiple attachments. Every boater needs one. I have purchased others from West Marine that did not hold up.
I love this telescoping handle as I keep it ready in my boat to use as a boat hook. Then when I am ready I just take off the boat hook head and easily slip on one of my shurhold brushes and clean my deck or boat. It is much stronger that you would think it is from the ad pictures. I give it a 5+ !
Can't express enough how great Shurhold products are.  I've never used them till I got my KW 210BR and I'll never use anything else.  Great product, lasts a long time, brushes are great, the wash pad with lambs wool cover is great.Highly Recommended.
Always use this wax, easy on and off either by hand or machine alway a great luster with no gritBob
My husband used this on our camper and it did the job as expected.  Good price and a good product.
I have used 3m marine waxes for years and have also tried others.  I have found 3m goes on and off great and results are always excellent.
I have been sanding off really bad oxidation from a Hobie Cat sailboat that was left in the sun for 30 years the hulls are gel-coat over fiberglass, first sanding the hulls with 220 than 320 next 520 the final sanding with wet 1200, lastly power buffing with 3M Marine Cleaner & Wax. The 1200 wet leaves it almost glossy but the buffer and fine compound in the product really bring the shine out. The wax provides excellent UV protection.
When it comes to polishing up your boar or RV 3M cleaner and wax is all I use when using the power buffer.  I've tried many others but this gives me best results.
I have been using this product for years and have always been very satisfied with the results on moderately oxidized fiberglass.  My only complaint was that I couldn't buy a bigger bottle.  Apply this product with a rotary buffer using a woll pad, or by hand with a cotton rag.  I apply it to the pad and then spread it around with the buffer off, before starting at the slowest setting (600rpm on my buffer) and then working up to 1,400rpm.  Buff it out by hand with a clean cotton rag, turning the rag frequently to expose a clean surface.  This is really a cleaner more than a wax. It should be followed by an application of a protective liquid wax (I use 3M Liquid Protective Wax with ScotchGuard).  If you have heavy oxidation, use 3M Restorer Wax instead of this product for your first pass.  You may even wish to do three separate applications; Restorer Wax, followed by Cleaner Wax, and finished with Protective Wax.  Though, if it's really that bad, you'll probably discover your hull is in need of a wet sanding.  This product is a good thing to keep on your boat at all times, along with a couple bags of rags (one for clean, one for dirty), so you can quickly clean spots you notice while you are out enjoying the water, or to touch up at the marina before guests arrive.
Excellent product! Easy on and easy off, works great for lightly oxidized boats like ours! I have used this for years and swear by it!
After purchasing my first pop riveted Jon Boat over the winter I learned a lot about how to buy a boat.  Since I couldn't just take the anchor back, I had to fix the leaks.  I thought about welding the aluminum.  I thought about putting new metal down.  Etc etc. I finally talked with a friend that recommended this.  After using an angle grinder to clean up the cracks that were visible I laid this down in a few steps.... to help with drying time.  Next I moved on to every rivet on the bottom of the boat.  Problem solved.  Perfect for solving water leaks.
I collided with a dock and crunched the U-Bolt for the painter on the bow of my Precision15.  The U-Bolt is attached to a piece of wood that was glued to the inside of the hull at the factory with 3M 5200.  I was able to squeeze enough of it between the hull and the wood, and pressed the piece of wood back in place.  Enough 5200 extruded out of the (now elongated) holes in the hull to restore water-tightness.  I hope this winter to complete the repair with gel-coat to repair cracked material on the exterior of the hull around the U-bolt.  One blog report said gel-coat adheres to 3M-5200.  I hope so.  Lesson learned:  I wish I had made a larger hole at the nozzle of the container.  The stuff came out too slowly because my hole in the foil was so small.  Another lessn learned:  wear gloves so it does not get on your hands.  The alcohol from the pharmacy used to treat small cuts seems to disolve it and this is what I used to clean my hands.  Pleasant surprise:  I was afraid it would have a strong odor during set-up, but it does not.
Used to reseal the keel on my brother-in-law's aluminum bass tracker boat.  Had been fighting leaks on this boat for past three years.  He had tried some of that infomercial rubberized spray, which was totally ineffective, and various epoxies, nothing worked.. Boat shop recommended this product.  Read the online reviews and everyone seemed happy with it. In our case, we had to spend a fair amount of time prepping the surface first to remove all the other unsuccessful products.  The 3M Marine 5200 sealant goes on easy with a caulk gun, although as others have said, you need to make sure you get it where you want it, or clean up the excess with acetone right away, because once it sets up it is permanent. The product comes in three formulations with different curing times.  The version we used was the long set up time one; 24-48 hours to skin over, then 7 days to fully cure, so you can't rush the job.  Took the boat out last weekend on a shakedown cruise around the lake.  When we came back in, there was barely any moisture in the bilge.  Before using this product, we could barely get the boat in the water before the bilge pump was coming on. So far, we are very happy with the result and with this product.  Will do a follow up later on long-term durability, but highly recommended based on experience thus far.
I used this product to seal seams on a plywood deck surface. Once it cures, it offers great adhesion, waterproofness and flexibility. However, be sure to read the fine print: It takes from 24 to 48 hours to cure fully at 77 degrees! If your weather doesn't hold, as mine didn't, expect that it will still be tacky a week or so later. 3M also makes a rapid-cure product - - I would be very interested in trying that one.In summary, a great product, as long as your curing temperature is high enough, and you don't mind waiting the 24 to 48 hours.
I always price this when we need more than 1 tube.  I searched internet far &  wide and came back to purchase at Amazon - best value.  Quality of product, well we only use 3M 5200 should sum it up.
best polyurethane made
Picture on Web site was for the fast cure adhesive.  Received the slow cure, 1 week, adhesive.  Adhesive is in a metal tube.  Normal calk gun does not work.  Difficult to use.
The tubes where dented up a bit.  Seemed like they got shipped like that and it wasn't from the packaging it was in, haven't used yet I hope they are going to work
I tried the $5.00 household caulk first, it doesnt last. So far so good with the 3M. Highly recommend it.
I've used this stuff a lot before and everytime I'm not disappointed. Seals great and drys pretty quickly. Love it..
I used this on the outside of my HitchHiker 5th wheel RV and it had to be all removed after 6 months.  It collects dirt and is impossible to clean after a trip.  It may be good for boats but it is no good at all on your RV.  It does not have a gloss like other RV caulks.  Would not recommend.
i liked it so well i ordered another tube..does the job it said it would do..im very pleased and would refer this product!
Have a water fountain that was leaking like a sieve. Looked at several products to seal the many cracks but didn't trust most of them so I read the reviews on the 3M water proofing product and was convinced to try it. It worked like a charm sealing everything I could find that had a crack. Applied by the instructions, this product is fantastic. Even though it was a bit expensive, the seller had a great price and it arrived before I expected it to arrive.
There's nothing like this product.  I use it for sealing rv seams. Don't use the 4200 for boat or rv repairs. It came up after 6 months & I had to redo all of them with 5200. This was a lot of work. I've used sealants for decades. This one blew my mind & was the answer to those serious needs & ended the better-quality product seeking I was forced into for years. It probably isn't the best idea to use it around windows though, where you may need to take the repair job up ever again to change glass out. It is so good, and maintains flex so well, but removing it can be a big undertaking due to it's great permanent sealing. I tell everyone about this product. Everywhere I've found people talking about repair jobs then I tell them & a number of them have gotten the product. I just got it for a retired police officer to repair his rv. I got it on amazon.com & it came very quickly in the mail.  The price through Wesson was very good. I emailed Wesson & asked if they'd keep more available on Amazon, because it isn't always easy to find the 5200. A very good price was offered on Amazon. I was real glad to see it there.
I ordered this sealant because it's the best product to use to protect wetsuits, waders, and underwater boots. This tube works perfectly in a normal caulking gun. The sealant does take a very long time to set up, so be aware of that and plan accordingly. Don't use whatever you put it on for at least a week.This tube was enough to protect the following pieces of gear: Wading boots size 11, neoprene dive boots size 11, waders (all seams, feet, big patches on knees) size Large Long, neoprene dive gloves size L, part of my farmer John portion of wetsuit size Medium Long (inside leg seams from crotch to end of legs, bottom zippers, one knee). As you can see, one tube goes quite a long ways. To fully cover all seams, the knees, butt, and zippers of a farmer John wetsuit it would take a little less than a tube. This stuff really will extend the life of all your water gear - it lasts forever! If you buy a good quality wetsuit you need to get some of this stuff. If you cover all the wear spots and seams your suit will last thousands of hours of abuse.
I truthfully would recommend this product. I used it to fix my broken drive pad on an 11 hp. floor burnisher. So far so good.
fast shipping, Great product. What 3M product isn't good? exactly~5200 is perfect for all things marine related that require a nearly permeant seal. follow the directions, clean/prep surface, Read Label. Takes 5 days to dry, may skin in 2 or so, but this should be given a sold week/7 days to cure before put in wet/underwater conditions. a 24 fast cure is also available in 5200, but only the small 3oz. tubes.
Time will be the true test of the product. but, it went on well, seemingly good adhesion, long cure time (1 week). I Like it, we'll see if the elements or the 3M sealant win the contest.Tom
getting ready to build a boat and these were the best price around. most likely will purchase more as the construction goes along
it's the best for over water line repair work.  i'm using it for my stanchions, pedistal, and chain plates!  for underwater line, 5200
this is what you want for threw hull fittings like bilge pump fitting act .these 3m products are best for that
Worked great for a thru hull transducer.  I replaced an old one and had no leaks.  Would use again if needed
Apparently sat on a shelf too long. Wrecked my boat repair plans. I had to run and get a different product to finish the job.
This 4200 and the permanent 5200 are the most amazing adhesive/sealers that I've ever come across and I've been in the marine industry for over 40 years. It's GREAT!!!!
Who wants a leak in a joint or a hole (transducers, AC intakes, etc)  in the boat.  Many adhesives out there but I couldn't find one that gave me the confidence the 3M product does.  It is permanent but has the same bonding strength as the semi permeant one.  The fast cure with no loss of strength is a bonus.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I find that the semi permanent version (green one) does the same job and you never know when you will need to remove it 3, 4 o4 5 years down the line.
My son used this to install an after market roof rack to his Toyota FJ Cruiser. He said it was easy to use and so far it is working great to keep out water.
I used this product to repair a crack in the base of my fiberglass shower. It is the only product I found that did the job. But fair warning, don't purchase any more than you need because when you break the seal on the tube it all begins to cure so none can be saved. But, it is still a great product.
I ordered Fast Cure and got the normal 5200 adhesive sealant, the fast cure dries in 24 hours and the one i got in 48 hours, dissapointed eventhough the reciepts says fast cure.....
Can't go wrong with this sealant, above and below the water line. Ad says 3 Oz tube of 3m Sealant case of 6 in the description. Advertised price is what one tube should cost, so I was not surprised when I received one tube. I figured if they actually sent a case of six for that price I would order a few dozen and go into business reselling all the extra tubes. Been seeing a lot of ads that don't match the product on Amazon lately, wonder what's going on.
I have not used this package yet but I have used the product in the past and I know of nothing better. Bought the small size because of its shelf life when opened
Sticks like glue............ It works great on everything I have used it on and plan to use it quite a bit more...
If you're drilling screw holes into your fiberglass transome below the waterline as I had to do to mount trim tabs, this is THE stuff to use to seal those holes and prevent leaks. It can get a little messy so thin plastic gloves can save you time scrubbing later.
One of the very few adhesive sealants I have ever used that can stand up to constant exposure to moisture and adheres to just about anything.
3M makes the best marine sealant for sure. The only thing I will say is that once this tube is opened the end of the tube will usually cure after a few day so you may want to keep a nail on hand to dig out the cured sealant or get a smaller size that you can use all at once.
3M 5200 really has a strong bond only draw back is that use must use it up within 72 hours,,,so only buy as much as you need
Had to mount a transducer for the boat, the 3M material was recommended for sealing the holes put into the boat. Is to work with!
You can make anything waterproof with this stuff. It has been formulated to cure even underwater and adhesion to wet surfaces is excellent too. A word of caution though, the 1st thing you should do after opening the tube is to put some light grease like petroleum jelly on the threads. If you don't do this you will never get the cap off again.
Greta stuff, It is the best marine sealant on the market. buy the fast cure.
best on the market been using it for years  works underwater  100 stars  there is nothing like it  u will love ity
As Chief Engineer on large private yachts for 20 years, I have used 5200 fast and normal cure for through hull fittings below the water line and as a bedding compound for mounting strut posts on smaller boats. The fast cure is also good to have on hand for emergency repairs. I have fondly called it &#34;sticky two hundred&#34; because it gets everywhere. A finger dipped in soapy water can be used quite effectively to run along a joint seam for a cleaner finished appearance. I AM NOT affiliated with 3M in any way. They deserve great reviews as their products are outstanding and have never let me down.
Fast dry and seals out all the water. Note that this stuff is permanent and not very easily removed. I installed LEDS on my transom with this stuff.
Arrived very fast and well packed.  Won't be using it until Spring as it all has to be used very quickly so I need to complete my rebuild and use the Sealant as a last step in installing hardware.
Installed eight brackets on my Rv  Roof to attach louvers to my vents. Needed to be flexible and water tight. Worked great.
This stuff is strong, flexible and great for many applications.  I prefer JB Weld when flexibility isn't needed.Great for sealing PVC, drainage seams, and HHO applications.Make sure to get the 'Fast Cure' as the other takes quite a while to set.
I used this sealant to seal our showerbath as other sealants where failing, dueto the large abount of water that would collectat the edges of the bath tub.This stuff really works, I highly recommend it.
This is a very permanent adhesive, great for boats.  Needs some humidity in the air or it will not cure.  Once cured it's durable and waterproof. Messy to use but worth the trouble.
I have used this on my boat's fittings and have never been disappointed. When it comes to bellow the water line, this is a great choice. It has multiple other uses around the house and basically anywhere you need a super tough adhesive sealer.
I used this to install a through hull fixture on my boat. I wanted a dependable caulk that would not fail over time...my sail boat would sink if it did fail. I heard complaints that this cures in the tube after useing,  making the leftover caulk useless...so far it hasn't happened to mine. Easy to use and a bit sticky and messy like most caulk/sealants. This is what the pros use so I thought I should pay a few extra dollars on this good stuff for my critical repair.
Great for installing any items on your boat that require screws/holes below the water line.  Keep in mind that this is a good sized tube, and the instructions recommend using whatever you need out of the tube within 48 hours, regardless of whether you put the cap back on the tube or not.  3M says the product starts to cure once you break the foil seal.  I used what I needed over the course of two days, sealing the tube overnight.  Installed some smart tabs and a transponder for a fish finder and could have easily gotten by with half this size.
I have used the regular 5200 for years and it is great stuff for most applications.  Moisture enhances the cure so that is great for marine applications.  I have found with the regular 5200 that putting it in a ziplock and then into the freezer will keep it from curing in the tube.  I can't say if this is effective with Fast Cure but plan to find out.  Standard 5200 cures in 7 days, not 48 hours as someone said.  Fast cure cures in 24 hours.This stuff is very sticky and difficult to work with so I like to use a syringe with a needle tip to keep it under control.  Otherwise it can quickly get out of control.
...or so I've heard.  I bought this to fix a few pairs of duct-boots.  The leather upper had come undone from the rubber, and shoe goo wasn't up to the job of filling in where the rubber had crumbled as well as bonding the leather to the rubber.This stuff did the trick.  Beautifully.  One caveat was it took _2 weeks_ to fully dry/cure.  The package says it's tack free in 48 hours ~ that should have given me a clue that it was a slow drying product.However, in the end it did what no other product had been able to do ~ fix 2 pairs of $100 ducks and restore them to service.
Haven't used product yet.Great price, good delivery time.Will buy from them again.
I used this product to repair the rubber boots on my hunting waders. The boots had cracked just above my toes, where the rubber creases when I walk. I applied liberally to cover the cracks, let them sit for a few days until the material cured a little, and then put them on a boot dryer for about 10 days. They probably didn't need all that time to cure, but I erred on the side of caution. Be warned, once you open the tube the material will start to cure so you might as well use a lot. I wore my waders a few times since and my feet have stayed dry.
Bought this to repair a plastic intake manifold.  It does work and once cured is permanent but you need alot of time for curing.  This remained soft and almost tacky for one week and about two weeks for full cure.  If you have that length of time it is great stuff.
This is the bar none best water prof sealer to use on a boat? Love this stuff. I have a used boat with lots of screw holes in the transom from mounting all sorts of stuff over the years. I cleaned it all off, put in this stuff and put in SS screws. 3 years now in salt water and it looks like the day I installed them, after I wash it off.
GOOD SERVICE BUT AS THEY SAID IT TOOK A WHILE, I AM SURE THIS DOES NOT LEAK AS CURING IS 7 DAYS
This is a recommended product sealant for my aluminum shell RV side seams.  Comes in large caulk tubes too, but this size is good for one seam emergencies.
If you know anything about boating you know what 3M 5200 is.  And the reason is that there is no reason to skimp and have your $50,000 at the bottom of a lake.  Step up to the plate, be a man and just buy the 5200.
I used this to replace tiles in my swimming pool.  Works great!Don't think those tiles are coming off ever.
After doing some research to waterproof my boat trailer connections, I bought the 5200 product. It provided a very flexible results when cured. I have no doubt it will preserve a dry connection for many years to come. Even though the postal service delivered it to the wrong address, I did get it from a nearby neighbor a few days later. You made an old grouch smile.
This is the best product for sealing boat parts below the water line such as struts, tracking fins, and rudders.
Not what I expected. My repair had to come on part of the boat that required to apply adhesive upside down. Got on everything but what I had to repair. It wasnt gooey  enough to stick and just ran down boat. Later found same product that sets faster. Just wish consumer would give warning about that.
Had used this product years ago when I lived on our boat. Still does the job when needed. Only thing I forgot was the curing time is a little longer than I remember.
I bought this tube of black 5200 to repair a tear in the weatherstripping on the outside of my Audi A4 door.  I really didn't think it would work, because it would need to span a gap of about 1/4" of space where the tear occured, and it would be under strain to come apart again.I clamped the glue-up (make sure you use plastic tape so the 5200 doesn't adhear to the clamps) and it turned out great.3 years later, it's still holding, 105 degree summers and all....
I have the complete convert a ball set up and this works great with it. It stores all my convert a ball ball's neat and easy to access. Fast shipping, great seller, item was exactly as described.
It is a nice way to store the balls so they don't get lost. I have had one for about 10 years.
Par for the course as Convert-a-ball is a loser of a company with ZERO R & D and no improvements over the years.  If I could give it a zero, I would.  The lid only has tiny catches on the long sides and it is cast out of limp plastic and the bulging sides don't grip the base so the lid pops off.  It should hinge and be attached permanently.  It is third one I have owned over the years and the only option.  They know it and abuse that fact in their lack of improvement.  If a company could just come along and do it right these guys would be history.  Lack of competition breeds complacency.
This was a little pricey for a plastic box, but it sure is nice for storing all the balls used with the hitch system. I just wish it was designed with more of a tight closure to stay shut. It really does not snap shut like I expected. Still works good for storage.
This storage box is an outsatanding way to keep all your removable towing balls together for easy storage  and safe keeping.
GOOD BOX.NOT MUCH TO SAY.BETTER THAN HAVING BALLS ROLLING AROUND YOUR TRUCK!!THATS ALL.NEEDED FOUR MORE WORDS......
I now can easily change sizes without having to use tools to change the ball size!!  Very conveinent!!  Highly recommend!!
I like the Convert-A-Ball system. I have a number of trailers and three different ball sizes. Convert-A-Ball makes it very easy to adapt to all trailers. Care must be taken to have the &#34;stud&#34; with the hole facing front to rear and the ball installed with the pin inserted front to rear. This way the trailer prevents the pin from trying to remove itself. The vendor via Amazon was very  pleasant and professional!
I've got two trailers and as luck would have it, two different size tongues. Rather than carry two complete receivers I sack an extra ball to cover both applications.There are other designs addressing this problem. The three balls welded to a receiver didn't have the necessary drop. The switchable ball with the lever lock looked too mechanical. Rust, mud, ice.... anything could foul its operation. I went this route and I'm glad I did.I'd do it again. Same reseller and product. Without a doubt.
I was skeptical about getting a multi ball setup, but after reading more about the different brands and styles, I choose convert a ball because it seemed like the safest one out there. I haven't tried towing anything with it yet, but I'm sure it will do the job just fine, and it's nice to hace the option of swapping the ball out in seconds vs. finding wrenches and wrestling with trying to get the ball off, or having two different ball mounts. I would recommend this to anyone.
Great product featuring the flexibility I was looking for, I have a bike rack that fits on the post and then back to one of 2 sizes of provided balls in seconds.
I bought one of these sets 15 years ago in stainless.  It has moved to every truck I have owned since then.  The nut that came with the set I bought back then was not stainless, but the rest of the pices were.  I ended up replacing the nut after about 7 years with a stainless one I special ordered from fastenal.  Other than that this has held up great.  Would buy again.
Looks identical to the stock light I broke, and bolts on in about 3 minutes.  Quick, cheap repair for when...not if....you break a tail light on your trailer.
I bought a pair of these along with all new wiring. The first time I submerged them to put my PWC into the water both of the bulbs blew. Had to drive home in the dark with no tail/brake lights.I've bought a lot of stuff through Amazon and this is the first time I have written a review. Don't waste your money!
Was identical to the original light.  Easy to install and came with all the hardware, even both light bulbs.  Be sure to order the left or right assembly.
Bought this to replace a broken one, and I have zero complaints. Hooks right up nice and easy, and bulbs are a breeze to replace when needed.
Make sure you buy the roadside and curbside, There is a difference, They were easy to mount on my boat trailer and are air tight so no more popping bulbs when back into water.
This tail light was a near perfect match for my OEM trailer light.  It included all necessary hardware and it was easy to install.  You can't go wrong with purchasing this item.
My husband needed this to replace a broken light on his boat trailer. He likes the quality and was very happy to see that it is made in the USA. He was surprised that it matched the existing light exactly. Overall, this is a very good quality item and we both like the fact that by selecting this one, we are supporting American workers in our own small way.
I ordered this one, it is a right.I needed the left.Other then that it was an exact replacement for my trailer and took 5 min to install.3 min to unistall...as a side note, it CAN be installed on the wrong side, but the drain holes end up at the top, and the connections trapped under-water if you use it for a boat, or leave it in the rain...
Easy to install, works perfect. Can't beat it for the price. A lot cheaper than I could find in any of my local stores.
The Anderson Marine E440 worked as expected for a budget priced Tail Light. Not sure how long it will last as the materials are a bit flimsy. I didn't spend a lot, so my expectations were low. Installation was relatively easy and it is working.
My father before me used these ever since I was a child. Now I have little ones and they help me load up the trailer as I did my father. This set is perfect, I have all three ball sizes at all times. I also have the case that holds them so it's really easy to store them. I expect years and years of use out of them just like my fathers set.
I now have three sets of these, one for each Tahoe we use. The units will not rust. I have had one of the sets for about 10 years and trey look like new.
A kit that I should've bought years ago. Makes changing hitch ball quick n easy. Great design n recommend the stainless steel ones to avoid rust.
hard to find a stainless steel hitch ball and even though I don't need multiple sizes, the stanless steel is nice for keeping the ball in better shape.
Very high quality product.  I have towed over 8,000 lbs with the 2&#34; ball and it felt very solid and had no issues whatsoever.  This is also a fair price for a very high quality product.  This is a much better solution than the other locking ball systems.
GET THIS &#34;STAINLESS STEEL&#34; version!!!  I bought the chromed model and it rusted terribly within a few months.  The other model rusted so bad I couldn't budge the pin to switch balls.This stainless steel model is great.  I have over a year on it, and it's been flawless.  I tow often, in all seasons.  Very happy with the purchase and product.
I've had the chrome set before, and they tend to corrode much quicker. They are very nice to make sure you have the right size ball all the time. I mounted it on an trimax adjustable hitch, and the combo guarantees that I've I've got the right size ball at the right height for virtually any load.
Shopped to fid most reasonably priced item.This one seemed best. Exactly as described . Came on time and fit my expectations.
They look like jewels hanging from zip ties from the backs of bicycle seats. I simply drilled small holes in the upper corners to let the zip ties through.The adhesive didn't work on smooth plastic cut out from a milk bottle. I roughed it up with coarse sandpaper and cleaned it thoroughly, but the reflector fell off on the first day of riding. Peeling off the tape and mounting the translucent reflector with zip ties worked much better anyway. The double sided tape was only stuck to the thin back edges of the rectangle and held very well there. I'm sure the adhesive was meant for metal, not slippery, blow molded plastic.These two reflectors should give my bikes an extra edge in safety now that long winter nights are here. Bright amber light will give approaching vehicles plenty of notice and reaction time compared to a small red CPSC reflector. They'll be great if I'm delayed and have to get home in the evening without a tail light. Mounting reflectors on saddles also solves the problem of items on cargo racks blocking seat post reflectors.
Works for what it's intended, lightweight and was 80% less than the other one's I found, the only difference being the others came with rope attached.
Light weight and strong, these wheel chocks are a necessary tool for parking a trailer on uneven ground. They are much more dependable that a piece of wood or a rock that may easily be dislodged. they store nicely and can be washed and dried before storing.
So far, the chocks appear to be sturdy and complete. Since they are a Christmas present, I can't vouch for it's ability to chock a wheel! LOL However, I see no reason why it wouldn't be a good chock and I'm excited to use them (eventually)!
I bought these to use when parking our travel trailer and did not want to spend a fortune for something that does such a simple basic job. These do what they are supposed to do, appear to be solidly built and durable, and do not add a lot of weight while hauling them around. They also don't take up much storage space.
Very small but what do expect for price. I would not really call it an RV Chock. Would not hold back RV
I bought these about a year ago, and I started using them for my AG Tractor.  I accidentally drove over one today, and it did not even leave a mark on it, They wedge very well under the tires, better than any that I have used to date.  I would highly recommend this product!
As advertised; it's cheap but durable. It stops movement on a variety of surfaces. Not such how much more you can ask for in a wheel chock.
good price. work. and tough enough for me to drive over them, ocassionally. Truth.
We use these for our camper.  They are light weight, easy to store, and worth the money.  I feel that they are pretty durable and don't anticipate them breaking.
Great product and does the job! Light weight and works great. Easy to use and don't know anything esle I can say.
Its a big chunk.  It keeps my junk from rolling away.  What more can you want from a chunk?  Add your own rope for easy removal.  Its pre-drilled!
Well made , good price. Easy to attach a rope to pull out and keep two together . Would  recommend to friends
This is NOT the HEAVY DUTY wheel chock that Camco also sellsCamco 44492 RV Super Wheel ChockI bought this not paying very close attention to the details.  It's a nice wheel chock but I prefer to have a matching set of 4.
match my existing wheel chocks.  A little too big a radius on the curved side for my wheels, otherwise would be a 5-star.
Work as they should. Seem to be of good quality and no issues that I can think of. Would buy again
The work just fine, haven't had a single problem with them holding in place. Very handy item to have in your RV or truck.
This was a replacement for a chock that flew out of the back of my pickup!?? The bright color helps remind me to remove the chock during my &#34;walk-around&#34; before pulling my trailer. Chocks now go into a compartment during travel. Seems pretty sturdy considering it is made of plastic.
These work great, The heavy duty plastic seems to hold up to the outdoors winter temps just fine. They are nice tire sized for a 15 inch ratio.
They are great chocks for my glider trailer and for my glider.  The yellow color works perfectly when the glider is tied down at the airport.. It's a bright color so they can't be missed and it follows the rules for equipment on the ramp.Curt
These Camco RV Wheel Chocks are heavy grade injection molded plastic and work well to secure my 5'x10' enclosed trailer in place. These have ridges on the bottom and where it contacts the wheels, which adds extra gripping ability.We picked up four of these Wheel Chocks locally for a little bit less than offered on Amazon.Highly Recommended!CFH
I have eight of these things now.  They hold-up great, are dirt cheap and you can't lose them in the grass because of the bright yellow color.  If you abuse them enough, they will show wear and tear, but that's if you abuse them - you know, like driving over them instead of moving them :-(
What can I say, they are a plastic wheel chock. They are lightweight and work. They are ok for a light weight camper but I will continue to use my steel ones for my heavier camper.
Works for me. I use these when parking my boat. My driveway is concrete and has a 8% grade. These hold my trailer with no problems. Price is right also.
Fit and quality was better than expected! One never truly knows what they are getting when they buy online. Thanks for sending out a quality product.
Very well made from sturdy plastic, easy to store and use, would purchase again. The actual product looks and performs better than the advertisement suggests.
These are the perfect size for the tires on an rv trailer - 15&#34;. I had some that were too large and didn't fit the curve of the tire so weren't very effective. These fit perfectly and hold extremely well. If you put a loop of rope through the hole, it makes it easier to remove them from under your tires.
what more can you say or write a complex review about these?  They fit in front of and behind my campers tires and stop it from rolling.
Well, they are a little smaller than I expected and the plastic seems like it may not last long. I mean if someone steps on them the wrong way it might crack or something. But I'm probably being too picky because they work fine on our horse trailer and you can clearly tell they are plastic before buying them so it's not a surprise. Much lighter than the solid rubber ones and easier to carry around than logs :-).
Works very well for the cost, I would recommend an attached rope to allow for easier removal from the wheels.
Use for my 6' X 12&#34; enclosed trailer.to keep from moving when loading/unloading while disconnected from vehicle. Used convenient holes in chocks to install bolt/chain and lock to wheel for thief prevention. Substantial construction to serve my purpose.
Not much to them, but they get the job done perfectly.  Repeat: Not much to them, but they get the job done perfectly.
I used this for a while. Though hollow plastic I felt it was designed to hold a camper from rolling and it did. One day I forgot to remove it when pulling out and it seems to take very little pressure moving forward to flatten it like a pan cake so I though my 50,000 investment may be better served with a heavy duty galvanized wheel chock that wont give in and even let me move over it by mistake and let me know its holding solid if I ever did again roll forward over it.
These seem to work. Don't really know but I can't complain for the price. I use them for my popup camper.
Replaced my old, worn-out treated 6x6 homegrown chocks. Drilled a hole and installed eyebolts in each one to attach a cable/rope/cord for easier extraction.
Great chock for what I needed.  Lightweight.  Now, I jsut have to keep from forgetting it and crushing it!  Ooops!
Great ......
The chocks are easy to carry and very easy to use.  They hold my 5000lb trailer easily on slight inclines.  Since I got them I notice there are models that you can also use for leveling.  I might have rather had something like that, but these are very good for what they are intended.
A good Made in USA chock.  It may cost about a buck less each at Walmart, if you can find it.There is a hole in the side for a rope to hold one or two together for each side of the tire.  Don't buy the one with a rope. It costs twice as much for the same one chock, NOT two.The heavy rubber  Buyers Rubber Wheel Chock - 5in.W, Model# WC1467A  at $8.99 each at Northern Tools are heavier and provides a better grip on concrete, but they are heavy to carry around.  I use the Buyers' ones in the garage and carry the Camco ones in my trunk.Also NOTE that the Buyer's ones are made in the same place as the expensive Race Ramps Branded ones costing 50% more.  The Buyers ones are nearly identical, are exactly the same size and weight.  The Race Ramps ones have shallow slits cut into the bottom.
Purchased 2 for our Class C motorhome.  They work perfect.  Strong & sturdy. Recommend.  If you are purchasing from amazon - they are sold as singles.  Make sure you buy two if you want two.  (Thanks to fellow reviewers for the heads up.)
Much too flimsy. On first time out I accidentally ran over one. It flattened out. Better to pay a little more and buy the heavy duty Chock. If you don't drive over it, I suppose it would be okay.
This wheel chock worked very well. I used it when doing repairs on our coach as well as when we camped. Light weight and easy to store.
These chocks are much better than ones I have seen at Auto zone or Walmart.Do a very good job of keeping my trailor from rocking when I walk around in it.
Light weight, efficient and just as advertised.  Liked that they are bright colored so you don't overlook removing them when hooking the camper back up!
What can you say about about molded plastic wheel chocks?  They are a good size and do the job.
...a quality for which I am sure they are grateful.  Works as advertised.  Good price for a little bit of insurance.
This is a great chock, but it is only one... probably my fault and it is well worth the price to order two, but who needs one chock?
this is the cheapest insurance you can get that your trailer will not roll away. these things are built really really solid and if for what ever reason I needed another I would order this product again!
Love these chocks. Got a few extra for my garage to throw behind wheels and such during oil changes.  Small enough to not take up much space on the shelf, I've never had a vehicle roll while these are behind them.
good product that does exactly what it was designed to do. affordable and well made. will recommend to all friends who have vehicles they need to stay put.
Well I am glad these guys don't sell shoes, because you would only get one shoe, which would work about as good as one wheel chock. Come on, I've never seen these being sold that we're in pairs, thus my disappointment in receiving only one...I guess I can put it under my one wheel trailer......
I parked my travel trailer on more of a grade than I like, and these chocks hold it well.  They are light and plenty strong
Handy,light and easy to throw in the back of the truck when not using. Beats getting splinters from the old wooden blocks!
Wheel chocks are a must for every Rver.  This is of particular importance if you use  the tri-leveler or other similar device.
Great wheel chock at a very good price.  I had a big order so shipping was free too.  There are more expensive chocks out there, but this one works just fine.
The item is inexpensive. It looks very strong and durable, although I used only two times for my SUV.It meets my expectation. I recommend this item.
They work, I have even run them over a few times. Always have a set when you have a camper
Product is made of durable plastic.  I've used them a couple of times and they work as advertised.  I bought two of them, one for each wheel.
We haven't used it yet (longest winter ever) but we will use it soon and it showed up exactly as I expected.  The value on these made them very attractive compared to our local camper dealer.
We purchased these recently and put them to the test when visiting a friend with a sloped driveway.  These securely held our popup camper without any problems.  We added our own ropes to pull them out of position and they should last us a good, long time.Lightweight, easy to use and clean off = GREAT product.
These chocks are better quality then I thought they would be be for the price.  I've used them on a 5,000 lb Travel Trailer with excellent results.
It looks like what I wanted and have used in the past. Other chocks like this have kept my trailer from rolling.
They do exactly what you want them to and show no signs of breaking after weekly moves and daily use for almost a year.
Bought 2 of these for my 27 foot Jayco Bunkhouse and they seem to work great. Very well made of durable hard plastic. Camper does not move 1 inch once I have them in place....Go ahead and buy a few...Kurt
Bought these to chock wheels while I'm working on my car, whether that's replacing brakes/struts or engine work.  These chocks are strong and durable, and a good size for my purposes.  Would recommend them as a must have safety device while you have your car up on jack stands
These wheel chocks are great, well made and inexpensive. They got the job done.
The chock is solid and has good grip.  It's hard plastic, which doesn't give much, but I've been using it for a camper on dirt so that hasn't been an issue for me.  The circle curvature is larger than my 15&#34; camper wheels, so that limits the contact area, but so far it has adequate grip.  The specs say it's for wheels up to 26&#34;.  I don't see any issues with durability.
item as described
These are strong, durable and work great. They lock into the tire tread if you give them a little kick.  I found them about $1 cheaper at the largest box store out there, The Marts. Not huge, but it will save you $4 on 4 of them.  Put them down BEFORE you disconnect your trailer so it doesn't move on you.
Need 2 for each side, works well for small pop up. Buy these over ones w/ rope and add your own rope, same choke. These already have the hole for rope. Dimensions given are inaccurate on these two, they are exactly the same size.
Five stars because they are lightweight, inexpensive and have a hole for a rope; tie two together, pull both at the same time.  Ordered four for tandom axle trailer.
Perfect for use with all our toys....boat, trailer, and flatbed trailer. Keeps them from rolling.
simple product that does as it should and is advertised...  this is a must have for med to small trailers!!
works well and holds fast and steady. I am really surprised by the light weight and sturdy construction. Will buy them again for the other things i have.
Receive 2 wheel chocks in two days.  They are small but will work for my trailer.  The package was A+ and the merchandise was A+ so very happy with order.
Just don't plan to pull it out when the tires are resting against it - the grips really dig in and with 2 on the axle and a slight grade they work perfectly.
This is a great alternative to a rock, or wood block that I was using before.I feel much safer with a wheel chock behind my pickup when I work on it. This chock is light and small which is nice, but the contour also hugs the wheel nicely so I am not afraid of my pickup rolling over it. I would purchase this again in a heartbeat.
I bought 4 of these to change the rear shocks on my S2000. They work as advertised.
I bought these for use with a small trailer hauling a UTV. I put my own ropes in and that took about five minutes for each chock...They are sturdy, easy to find due to color, do not mark the driveway like some metal chocks...
I don't deny this is a well-made product at an affordable price, and it may likely work for your purposes, but the angle of the chock is designed for a really big tire given the size of the chock.  They look downright silly on my Coleman pop-up with 13" tires.  Only about the first rung and a half of the chock actually touches the tire, so the rest is left sticking out in nowhere.  I'm left thinking a simple block cut from a 2x4 will work just as well for me. Maybe an improvement to the existing design would be to make the back half gently curved down as well, rather than a straight shot. Then users would have two options, one which could fit smaller tires better.  As is, they really are over-kill on small popup campers.  Sticking with a simple block of wood works too.  I'll be returning my chocks.
Item is exactly what I wanted.  Item exactly is as described.  2nd transaction went just as smoothly as the first.
It's bigger and feels more secure then our older pair of wheel chocks.Holds our trailer in place with no issues. Not much else to say for such a simple product.
Well made and works good. Be sure and get a pair of these to use on both sides of the wheel!
These are a great price! Sturdy, good quality and does the job right. They are also not too heavy. Work great!
Although the plastic cracked, it still works well. Keeps my camper from rolling down the hill. Especially during Hurricane Sandy.
My husband was using blocks of wood when we parked the RV. The chocks are nicer looking,work well and light weight. They slip into place easily.We have four of them.
not much to say about these.  They are wheel chocks.  Inexpensive, lightweight and get the job done. They do slip a little bit on hard surfaces but good enough.
Works well, keeps the trailer from moving after disconnecting from the tow vehicle.  These are light weight, compact, and easily stored in the basement compartment
Nice and light as our trailer already weighs 7800 pounds.  Definately work better than just a two by four behind the wheel.
We won't park the travel trailer, without putting these chocks in front and back of each tire.  They give us a sense of confidence that we are securely in place.
The point is to stop your car right where you want it in the garage.  This does that just fine.  I have rolled up on it with a Ford Fiesta and did not damage it.  Your Hummer might be more of a challenge.  The only down side is its width.  I have no problem hitting the thing, but we have yet to see if my lady and do the same.  If that is an issue you might put two of them side by side for her.  BTW, I used silicone sealant to make sure the thing can't scoot when contacted.  That worked perfectly.
They do the job very well. Good quality and priced rightHere are 9 more word to fill this stupid rule
Only fair.  NOT very durable and do NOT fully secure the trailer.  Spend the extra $$$ and get the X-Block and / or the Fastaway (we now use both, Fastway for intiial set and the x block for final lock in)
this chock seems to be properly designed for chocking trailer wheels.  it has cross pieces that grip the groun and the tire.  this should prevent movement.  it is also very sturdy for plastic nad has a great price
We bought these for use with our pop-up camper and they work very well for that purpose. They are toothed on top and bottom to allow for good traction on most surfaces and the curve of the top fits our tires quite well. These are lightweight and have holes for use with a rope if you prefer to tie them together. While they are not as rugged as rubber chocks, they work very well for our purposes and I will likely replace them when they get old or worn.
I purchased 4 of these chocks for my utility trailer and the work great.  They fit into the storage locker on the trailer and can be grouped in pairs with a rope that fits into pre-existing holes.  My trailer is very small with 480-12 tires and they fit perfectly.  Don't know how long they will last but time will tell.
It works use it on my twin axel trailer in s a sloped driveway, knocked down a star could use a pull string.
I use these with my Rhino Ramps for my car with 19inch low profile rims. The rhino ramp doesn't really need these but I feel for the cost it's worth the reassurance. I haven't tested it yet though but these chocks are easily visible and place so no complaints.
Larger than I expected and solid feel like. The only cons is the curve is not snapped under wheel smoothly and there is a gap between curved surface and wheel line. So I do not know if it is really working or not because the function of chock is for the accidental circumstances the car slipped back,however, it is not usually happened when the car is put on the parking gear and hand brake is applied.  So hard to say it's good or working, unless the car is really accidentally slipped back and blocked by this wheel chock.  Then you can finally see if the chock is good or not.  But anyway,  it worths that money.
The Amazon picture looks cheap, and flimsy, I hesitated to buy, it's just plastic! The actual chocks - solid, heavy, reassuring. I haven't had occasion to use them yet, but just by hefting them, I'm certain they'll be great. The only downside - I bought these to ride around in the car for a middle-of-the-night-in-the-pouring-rain tire changing emergency. They are good sized and weigh a bit. I still have them in the car, but they aren't feather light for gas mileage.
Works good for my camper I need to park on an incline in my drive way.  Thinking of ordering a couple more.
This is great product. So much better than our previous chocks, much more durable, yet not overly heavy and cumbersome.
These chocks work great.  Very light and easy to handle but very durable.  I would highly recommend this item.
I bought a pair of these for my travel trailer. They fit fine and snug up nicely with the tire. While having a lanyard for them sounds tempting, I hate having extraneous parts on my chocks, so I like their simplicity.
I shopped around in stores and online, I got the best price on Amazon. I ordered 4 for out large travel trailer. They are small enough to store easily, and effective enough to keep the camper in place.
I bought 2 of these, one to keep in my truck for road side emergencies and the other for automotive work use at home. The few times I have used them they work well, but just so you know they have a recommended expiration date on them. I think this is due to their intended use as a RV chock, where they would sit in the sun a lot and would degrade. But again they are cheap, and if the worries you, just buy a new one and toss out the suspect one!
Very sturdy and light weight wheel chocks for the RV trailer wheels. Would recommend
I have a ~7000 GVWR travel trailer and bought two of these.  One stops the wheels from rolling in one direction.  That's their job right...and for less than the price of a pack of cigarettes, it's just unbeatable.  If you've got to stop something, chock it.
These work great. I am on my 3rd set of these for various trailers. Very secure and will stop just about anything.
A great wheel chock at a great price. (They were on sale less than $3 each) Sturdy, strong, they have a hole through the base you can string a piece of rope through so one of the other doesn't walk off and they're construction yellow so they don't get lost after you get through working with them. Used them to keep a trailer in place as I worked on it, while changing oil and to keep the wheeler from backing out of the trailer to go for a ride on it's own. Yeah it was strapped down, just a little insurance.
About what you would expect, not super heavy duty but serve their purpose.  i plan to pick up a few more to round out the set.
I got this based on the reviews.... I kept having to jack up my car to fix a slow-leak in a back tire and I'd throw this under the opposite front wheel for added peace of mind (don't know if I did it right).It feels pretty sturdy and I just throw it in my trunk when not in use... I like the size.... not huge but perfect for my '88 Corolla ;)
Using for under the wheels of our RV camper. Because of the sloped design theyare much better thana brick or piece of wood. Stores nicely and are lightweight.
I have used my wheel chocks several times since purchasing them.  It's so nice not to have to look for a rock or a piece of wood to block my tires.
This product is compact in design and bright yellow in color so I will not leave it behind when leaving the campground. When ordered it came in quickly and the price was good. I now have 4 all the same.
Duh.  Must write a bunch of words to get in the book.  The Chock does what it uis supposed to do, it stops wheels from rolling.
These are an excellent chock option.  They are light, easy to store, work great and are durable.  My only reservation is that if you drive into them the wrong way they crush very easily from the steep side.  If you have a dual-axle trailer like me, there are probably better options that go between the two wheels.  For the price, though, I will just get a replacement.
Overall good wheel chocks. Would not recommend use on large vehicles(RV's), but does an excellent job on normal size cars and trucks. This is only ONE chock so you will need two or more to do the job safely.
Works great
These are well made, inexpensive, and work great. They are quality made in USA!And they had no shipping charges if added onto an existing Amazon order.
Great buy, light weight. Works good. I have a 15 thousand pound fifth wheel, no problem keeping from rolling on fairly level ground. If I was going to leave it on a slope (hill), I wouldn't trust any chock block.
After almost 15 years, I finally decided to replace my existing chocks with the same model.  I added a rope loop through the side hole to make carrying and removal a little easier
They work great on my Jumping Jack trailer. I use them as short ramps from the inside of the trailer when off-loading my atv - makes it easy to get over the edge. Also use them as chocks once I'm all set up. No complaints at all!
It's really amazing just how bright this sucker is, but, Amazon has it all wrong.All the descriptions for the various models are the pretty much the same in listing the features, yet each one is different. The first I ordered said cig input or hard wire. It didn't come with a hardwire base. The second said cig input or hardwire, (which was correct, I wanted the hardwire base) and 23.5", which isn't.However, I mounted this into the dash of my old Land Rover and it lights up the insides very, very well. Once you properly identify which one you want, it's a winner.
I have exactly the same experience, ordered this item for the 23.5 inch light, and Amazon shipped me one that's only about 8 inches. This is two months later, don't they fix problems with the catalog that are brought to their attention?It's a well made light though, just no use to me...
just received yesterday.  looks really nice but how do you change the bulb or put the red lense in?  I would think instructions would come with it.
This lamp installs easily. The mount is solid and does not move when adjusting the lamp position. It even comes with a red len.
We are using 2 of these for driver & passenger in our motorhome.  We have the red lens (included in the box) to use to read maps/directions after dark
This Hella produces a nice spread of bright light thanks to its diffuser. It's not halogen-white but it does a good job. The base does not stay firmly plugged into the 12v outlet. It doesn't thrash about, it just loses contact with the contacts and won't power up until I push it back in place. It's really best for an outlet aligned parallel to the floor; the outlet in my 1994 Accord is at a right angle forcing some bends in the gooseneck to make it fit well.
Can not be hardwired to your dash.
This is typical of Hella products. I've been using them since the early 60's [not a misprint], and all of them have worked perfectly. They are never the most expensive, or flashiest, but they fulfill their intended purpose perfectly.
Nice light but wanted for highway night driving and was really looking forward to having the red cover and there isn't one.
This was the second Hella switch that I've purchased. I actually use one to manually isolate a trailer battery from the tow vehicle (with with an isolator in place), and the second switch is between the trailer battery and an inverter. I particularly like that the key is locked in place when the connection is made, or removes when the connection is turned off. It's also easy to mount, as I've drilled holes through the battery box for each.I do suggest that you buy an extra key incase you lose one.
Used it for a disconnect to my battery on my camper.  Less then a 30amp circuit and it failed within 3 months.
So I bought this to act as a shut off for my winch...not realizing that it only had a 100 amp capacity. My winch under full load is 350amps...I was bummed and started looking at more expensive options to cover my amp needs.....but then the package arrived....what showed up is a Hella Marine 1000amp shut off! 500 continuous and 1000 for 15 seconds. I guess the product description is wrong. Anyways, it seems to be built well, and does what I want it to do
I have needed one of these for my RV for a while and finally got around to installing it.  This is a simple, easily installed unit that works as expected and saves me the battery drain I used to get from phantom power draws (indicator lights, fire and CO2 alarms etc.)that over time drained the battery.  Works well!
Works great on my R.V.,  I love it.  Keeps my battery from running down while not pluged in to the shore line.
I bought this for my 1979 CJ7 so I could disconnect the battery when not in use.  I only drive it once a month or so, so disconnecting the batter helps save the juice.  You will need to fabricate a bracket to mount it, but a pc of angle iron will work.  Don't forget to order a short battery cable for install.
Excelente producto, de muy buena calidad, es facil de instalar y es muy adaptable a muchas maneras de instalarlo... de muy buen material
Was looking for a cheap cut out for my RV genset wire from the house batteries. Did not need to handle large amount of amps and this one worked great.
Exact replacement works great. It came fast and i would recommend someone buy it. At least i did not get a replacement like other companies that did not fit.
I bought this switch to add to my KZ Spree after finding the battery nearly dead each time I was going to use the RV.  I had read that KZ used this type of switch on their 5th Wheel RVs so decided that I would install it on my Spree.  I found a pre-drilled AC cover plate at a big box retailer and replaced a solid AC plate on a electrical box near the battery.  I inserted the switch into the positive lead from the battery to the trailer and it works just great.  Now when I put the RV into storage mode I turn the switch to the off position and stop all battery drain. I don't understand why this is not standard on the Spree line of RVs but it works for me and I would recommend this solution to any RVer to stop storage battery drain.
This switch was for a back up to the one I already have in case the plastic key is removed and lost.It was ($2)cheaper to buy a complete switch ($13+) than buy just a spare pastic key ($11+).  The switchis used to turn off or on 12 DC power going into the Camper when storing so the barrery doesn't drain.One improvement could be to allow the plastic key to be removed after the switch is turned off or on.I plan to use the new spare switch in another project.  It is a good HD switch, and is recommended.
First impressions;Really solid, well built., the switch makes a reassuring snap off or on. Remember it has 3/8&#34; lug, make sure you have extra connectors. I surmise it will be pretty easy to lose the key, as it doesn't lock in place when off. A spare one might be prudent, and consider fastening the key with a wire or something, to keep it from falling out the door, if it falls out.
Not a cheap junky switch but a quality hella product. Will use as a main disconnect so the car battery wont be dead in short order.Every thing I have ever bought from hella is good
Running one of these on my eBike between the batteries and controller.  Pushing 99V and 40A through it, no sparks on switching on/off, no melting, works great.
Good switch a bit bulky but works like a champ. I had a hard time trying to find a spot to mount it.  That's not the switches fault.  I see more of these in my future.
I think this is a great thing to have on a  four wheeler like I have RZR Polaris. Any time you let things sit alone it's nice to not only turn the key off but shut down the battery also. Two ways of safety, I would recommend this to any or everyone who has product that sits out that could be taken... Michael
I needed a way to disconnect my camper battery when I am not using it. It is easy just to loosen the bolt but this is much better. I made a bracket and mounted it  by my battery. Now when I park my camper my battery will not drain.
Solid and well made. Took a while to install on a plastic battery case as this was the only surface available. Good value.
I got exactly what I ordered, in perfect condition, and it delivered quickly.I would order from this vendor again. The switch and key was perfect.I already have a switch setup on my older Buick that I drive less than my new vehicle.I needed an extra key to replace one that I temporarily misplaced.
Installed this as a cut off switch for my portable freezer. Good thing it has a key to help prevent unauthorized use of the power source or at the least will not make a mistake of leaving the line with power even if it is not in use.
very good product I am happy with the purchase and I served very well for a small car that I am building
Doing well on my Scagg lawn mover since I don't need it in winter time, solid made, wishing spare key came with it.
Our Polaris Virage TX PWC constantly drains the battery.  I added one of these switches to the positive terminal harness using a 12" eyed battery extension and a couple of tie wraps to secure it.  I had to drill out the stock battery eye to fit the Hella lug, and use a washer to secure the new extension to the PWC battery terminal.  The Hella switch is very rugged and allows me to easily disconnect the battery when charging or in storage.  My only complaint is that unlike the generic switches, it came with only one key.  I ordered a spare just in case.
This is my 2nd keyed battery switch this lil guy works great on my race car  . Couldn't be happier with it!
I intend to install this on my boat, to cut off power to the battery charger.  It is a good unit - I have another one for another purpose.  Price is a bit high, considering its function.
Solid feel. Does the job right. Cant really complain but it only came with ONE key. You have to buy a spare for 6 Bucks more. It should come with 2 like most competitive products.
Exactly what I needed to add a battery kill switch to my Polaris RZR 900.  Between the upgraded stereo, light bars and LED whip, I didn't want any draw to kill my batteries when not in use for extended periods of time.  The kill switch takes care of that and adds an small element of security.
This a good heavy switch.  The red part is a key that goes in and out of the switch so you will want to find a way to anchor the key near wherever it is used so that it doesn't get lost.  I just used a small piece of very light duty chain and a key ring to hold the key and anchored the other end of the chain with a nut and bolt.I use Amazon for most of my purchases and update my reviews if anything changes with the products. I do this so other Amazon users can get a real feel for the life of the product. You can look at my review which will be close to my purchase date and tell how the product is doing as time passes.  I am not associated with any company and all opinions are my very own.
I have a travel trailer that when purchased I was advised to disconnect the battery when not in use. I thought they meant long term but I quickly found out that with the electronics in new trailers, some stuff still draws from the battery even when off. I drilled a couple of holes & mounted this switch right on the battery box.Disconnects the whole system and the key is removed & kept in the pass-through. Works great!
This was a perfect replacement switch for my boat.  It is top quality.  I could not ask for anything more.
these brackets are very thick and high quality. they can be bolted to the trailer or welded. there will be no problem welding since the material is so thick. these should last a long time..
They work well and last a long time .This was a replacement for the same model that I had for 20 years. I love shopping Amazon
I love this product.  For years I've used them in both the RV and the house.  You can put it up under a cabinet and have your paperplates right at hand.  The only drawback is that you have to be careful to catch the rear hook; if not, you get a counter full of fallen paper plates.  Have bought it before and may again.
I bought this product not knowing what works well on VERY heavy oxidized hull on my boat. This product isn't even so so, it FLAT out sucks.  I am no PRO at restoring the hull finish, but even with a 10" buffer/waxer is still failed to bring to nice shine even using four different bonnets ranging from application to high buff.  I hope this helps someone out there. It didn't help me. What a waste of time and money.
The only problem I had with this purchase was the description of it on Amazon. It stated Champion 8211 Spark Plug Pack of 4. I paid $4.03, and because I saw plugs going for near a dollar on other sites I thought I was getting 4 plugs. The invoice said Pack of 1, but I thought it meant 1 pack of 4. I had to go to the local retail store and buy 1 more plug to use in my outboard. At the store I paid $1.89 for 1 plug.
I needed a replacement dust cap for my Seadoo trailer and had shopped around locally and did not want to pay two or three times more than these cost, so I was glad when I found these. I was hesitant at first because there was no mention of hub size in the description and there are like three different size hubs out there on boat trailers. Anyway, the price was so enticing that I gambled and bought them and luckily they fit, so I am very pleased with them. By the way, these were for a 2" hub.
I lost a grease cap on my trailer so I ordered these. They come as a pair, so now I have an extra. It's a tight fit which makes it difficult to install the first time, but otherwise it's perfect.
Perfect fit. Keeps grease in & water out. Pop off rubber seal & pump the zerk full of grease then push seal back on.
Exactly as advertised. Easy, affordable replacement.
Replaced original dust cap with Tie Down Engineering 81168. Nice tight fit, looks great will be purchasing a second set to have as a spare set.
The dust cap came up missing and I searched all local shops for replacement.  Finally had to contact the boat hull manufacturer who confirmed trailer company out of business but they knew where to get parts.  West Marine not much help.  So the actual part manufacturer I tracked gave me a part number to search for and then found it on Amazon.  Amazon is my first source of buying !!!
Works good! Easy to install.Make sure to use a rubber mallet or you will be buying abother pair!
Easy as pie to install. I def recommend. Price is right also. Beats the heck out of trying to get old races out and rebuilding. Never again will I just buy a bearing kit and go the cheap route when you can just spend a little more and save so much time and aggravation.
I ordered this hub by looking at the picture, big mistake, The picture shows studs on hub but what I got was bolts. I guess I should have read product description which says hub kit with bolts. lining up bolts threw a rim is a pain. I have bolts on my trailer now , thats  why I ordered this hub. silly me.
I ordered two of these and it fits my 15 hp mercury 1993 and 40 hp mercury 1991.Doing the job done.Will buy again if i need more.
I have owned the reese interchangable ball kit for over 30 years. I'v never had it fail me no matter the size of the load I was pulling. I would recomend the reese ball kit over all other trailer hitches.
Very easy to change over balls, but I worry about it coming off if you don't keep enough tongue weight on the trailer. You should load your trailer that way anyhow, so it should never be a problem.
I bought this so I would only have one hitch too cary cary around in my truck and it works great. The sizes are easy to change for what ever trailer you want to pull. I probobly wouldnt use this if I pulled trailers on a daily basis but the 5 to 10 times a year when ever the need arises I think its a great product and would recomend it.
I recommend this system to anyone that needs different tow balls. I have used these for years and have no problems... quite the opposite. It makes it easy to change from one size to another in seconds
This is good but I doubt it would hold for anything to heavy. But if your hauling something that big you wouldn't be using a bumper ball anyways.
The mechanism for changing out the ball sizes is easy to use and when a trailer is coupled to it, the pin cannot be moved into position to remove a ball.  Take note of the haul weight limit stamped on the base as it may not match the rest of your setup.
This product is as advertised.  It gives you a lot of versitility in that you can carry just one insert/pole and the three balls.  It will handle almost any trailer that an average person will own or rent.I highly recommend it.
Quality was good. The interchangeable ball hitch has been a blessing.  Has allowed me to get the job done regardless what size of ball I needed without alot of searching for the right one!!!!!!
Have new tractor needed a quick easy inexpensive way to move trailers around property and this is exactly what the doctor ordered, easy install quick to move from one size to another size.  Great set up.
No matter what trailer you are pulling you are always ready to hitch up with this set.  I installed mine on an adjustable hitch so that in seconds i can configure for any towing job.
Well made and just what we were looking for.What a great invention! Only wish we had found it sooner!Highly recommended!
Every one I know now has one because they had seen me doing a NO-SWEAT Ball swap and PRONTO!!!!!!!!CMVHighPriest
This will be a useful item to have around. In the past I had to carry both an 1 7/8 and a 2 5/16 ball mount in the truck. Too much iron! Now I just change out the ball and I'm ready.
This item does not list a tow rate classification to know what gvw or tongue weight. Would not buy this item without knowing more information.
nice set up easy to use would recommend came quicker than expected smart thinking for interchangable hitch ball was put to use the day it came
Very clever idea. Had to use on my 2013 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited Sahara with a lift kit and adjustable drop hitch. Spinning ball hitches for different sizes won't work in my case because the adjustable hitch height is a solid piece specific to the entire hitch. In order to tow my 2 different trailers I'd need 2 drop hitches. Interchangeable balls is the perfect solution and I have to say these are perfect. They work well and are rated around 8k pounds of towing. Saved a lot of money here compared to my closest towing accessory store.
This interchangeable ball system offers a lot of convenience for folks who need to deal with a variety of towing situations where the ball size changes. That was my intention in buying it...to provide that utility with a 3-Point hitch attachement for my utility tractor so that the ball was always centered on the attachement while I moved my trailers around on the property. (the OEM method for my attachment was multiple balls in different holes which affects balance since none were centered) My utility trailer uses a 2" ball, my horse trailer uses a 2 5/16" ball and a friend's log splitter uses a 1 7/8" ball. Unfortunately, the mounting holes in my 3-Pt hitch attachement are too small for this system's shank size, so I had to return the item. That said, I was impressed with the quality and would certainly recommend it for folks to consider should they want a reasonably priced interchangeable ball system.
I've got four different size trailers that require the three sizes of ball hitces, two have 2", one has 2 5/16", and one has 1 7/8", plus they all have different ground clearance heights. My solution was this Interchangable Ball Kit and the Reese Adjustable Ball Mount receiver. Keep's the trailers level to the groung and can change ball sizes as needed in seconds.
Ease of changing ball size makes this a valuable tool. One suggestion for users is to put white lithium grease (available at most auto parts and hardware stores) on the retainers. This will make changing ball sizes much easier.
Some other reviewer complained that the max tow was only 8000 lbs, when he expected 10,000. Here's the thing -- if anyone's trying to tow upwards of 8000 lbs, you need a class IV hitch which requires a bigger ball shaft and is designed for higher tongue weights. I've seen too many unsafe trailer setups on my travels, so buy what you need and don't try to overload the design. That being said, this set is fine for me as I frequently need to change ball sizes for different loads. I couldn't find the 3 ball set anywhere locally, so Amazon was a good choice. The only thing preventing a 4-star rating is the "made in China" label. I'm just fed up with nearly everything we buy being made offshore. It looks well made, however, and should last a good long time.
These things are super cool. Makes having 3 different hitches a time of your life you'll look back at with shame.
Not a bad looking product, but what can you say about a product advertised with a 10,000 pound rating, but stamped 8,000 pound on the product and 8,000 pound stated on the card with it?
I have carried one of these in my truck for years and have always been ready when a different size ball was needed.  Unfortunately I lost my 2&#34; ball last year.  Thankfully, I found this one and decided to buy the whole set again because the price was so good.  This is by far the best inter-changable ball set I have ever used.
great timing works great to easily just take off and put on each ball as needed or none at all to keep it secure in tool box.
I have ,and haul many diffrent trailers with diffrent size balls. This makes it so much easier, just to switch the ball and not have to carry 3 diffrent recievers.
The raiting on it was 10,000 it is stamped 8,000 labs other than that it is very nice  quality I would recmendid it
Love this ball. I have this mounted on a Reese adjustable hitch and I can pull anything out there within minutes.
Good product, 8000 lb rated, it locks from the top different from my other one will have to see how it lasts, good product for the price.
This item may be great in an area like Arizona with little to no moisture.  After 2 months on the truck the release rusted and I can't get it off.  I am now stuck with the 2" ball only.  I tried wd40 and pb blaster.  It just won't release the 2" ball.  Not a very durable design for the humid ohio winter and spring,
I always wanted a set of these and this was a good value.  Keep'm greased, they do rust.  You do need a quarter or a screwdriver to turn the lock.
If you need extra room for storing this, then is perfect for you; ball sizes range from 1 7/8 to 2 1/2" and change very easily with little effort.  This model requires a slight turn of the center pin to lock/unlock the ball for changing and you need to remember to re-lock it after attachment.
Super quality and handy. Changing the balls is a snap. This is way easier than changing the whole fixture each time you need a different ball size.
We have several different trailers (boat, jetskis, snowmobiles, etc) and I used to get so tired of having to get the pipe wrenches out to switch balls or having to have two or 3 stingers with different balls mounted on them just to have the right one when you need it.I've seen many other multi-ball hitch systems, but this clever product works great, is well-built, all at a great price!  Switching the balls is easy, and the unit is very tough and strong.  One suggestion, when not in use it's a good idea to stow it inside your truck and/or keep it well lubricated.  We live in Oregon (can you say RAIN....), and I left it on mounted on our truck last winter while we were down in Mexico.  When we came back in the Spring, the push-button detent used to switch the balls was a little stiff as some corrosion had formed, but a quick couple of sprays with WD-40 took care of it and it works great once again.This is a great product--wish we'd bought one years ago!!!
very easy to use and very versistal. no need to change the stem every time saves aot of money and time. ATV users a must buy
Appears very well made. Easy to use by twisting a button on top with a coin or screwdriver. This will be very handy.
It is  the answer for different trailer's connection size in one  hitch ball makes the job a whole lot easier
At last a hitch that is worthy..Easy and quick to change to diffrent size. Best of all the ball actually pivots on the shaft making all your turns quiet and smooth. Your ball won't get scratched and rusted the first time you back your boat down into the water..
The way these balls interchange is simple and looks foolproof. I've had others that were difficult to change out. The tapered shaft makes these much easier and less apt to freeze up from rust and corrosion. It feels good knowing I can sport bigger balls so easily. Thanks Reese!
Admittedly I have not actually towed a trailer with this...but it went together perfectly and I have no reason to think it will not perform just fine when I need it to. For a quality item with a well-known brand name attached, it's an outstanding buy, and I'm VERY pleased to have found it.
The balls are easy to get on and off, just put in a key, dime, probably even a finger, and twist and the ball pops off, which can be a good or bad thing... so far no problems, I'd buy it again.
I have two of them now. The first one I bought about 7 years ago but it wast the tri-ball, so when I upgraded my trailer to the 2 11/16 I needed to buy a new ball.... Or buy another one of these with the triple balls then I would have another shank to mount on another vehicle
I wanted an all in one solution for my adjustable drop trailer hitch. Tow any size ball at any height. This plus a adjustable drop hitch did it for me. Yes it's rated for only 8,000lbs and not 10,000lbs. But really? Most people only have class III hitches anyway, and most drop hitches are only rated at like 5000lbs. Even if you have a Class IV or V hitch, if you need a 10,000 pound ball, you are towing one big trailer my friend. Anyway, I love this set up. Now I can carry one hitch in the truck and not deal with the two I did have to carry for both of my trailers. Plus it got to my house in 2 days. That's fast.
This is the second one of these that I have had.  I am in construction and pull trailers every day.  This makes it simple to switch from one size to another and holds up well.
I purchased this hitch because it provides tool-free ball changes for all three sizes (1.875", 2" and 2.3125") and with the exception of the removable balls there are no parts that can be lost (pins).  What I failed to anticipate was the aesthetic appeal of this hitch.  Its simple and functional design is elegant.  Its clean machined lines are beautiful.  Only down side:  I'm not sure my humble little fleet of trailers is worthy . . . ;-)
I was a little concerned about the release latch mechanism at first but I have used the hitch twice and it has not unlaced its self yet, it is nice to have multiple sized hitch balls available, especially if you rent equipment often.
This hitch seems to be well made and the balls can be interchanged quickly and easily.  I use a screwdriver, but anything that fits the slot (dime?) should work.I gave it 4-stars because I have two reservations:1) As previously mentioned, it's only rated for 8000lbs -- not 10,000lbs as the Amazon description says; and,2) Since the ball comes off so easily with a slight twist of the top-center button; I can't help wondering if you were pulling a tail-heavy trailer that exerted a lifting force on the ball -- if the ball (and hence the trailer) might disconnect itself and cause a calamity.I'm using this on a tractor to move several trailers around my yard; so the interchangeability of the balls is very handy.  However, I'd hesitate to use it on my truck out on the road, due to my concern about the ball inadvertently coming off.  It may not be a problem, but I'd be more comfortable with the type that has a pin for road use.
This one has the larger threaded bolt for heavier loads, so you may want to verify the size of hole in your hitch. This is the one I ordered and was correct with the reese quality. Very easy to switch balls, a coin,key or a small sliver of stone or wood. Ball locks securely in place with no need to worry if it will come off. Beats the big lug 3 sided ball hitch IMHO.
Like many people I am disappointed that the ball is only rated for 8,000 lbs.  However, I was aware of this before my purchase.  I like that the balls can swivel, but don't care for the way they change.  Sometimes you need a coin to be able to release or lock the ball, it would be nice if it were tool-free.  This is the second set that I bought, so I would definitely recommend this to a friend.
Very nice kit for easy change out of ball sizes. When you have numerous trailers this makes it easy tow different things without a fuss.
I use it all the time and it works great!!! I have a construction Company and it is so nice to be able to change balls Immediately when you need to. All I can say is buy this product and you won't be unhappy. Good Luck on yours!!
I got this because I thought it was a real neat idea and had to try it out. It's exactly what I would expect from Reese, does the job and at a fair price. The only thing that wasn't obvious until I got it was that it has a lower load capacity than what you'd get from a solid hitch ball. Should work for most people just fine, a reduced load is the price of versatility, just get a solid ball if you're dragging something really heavy.
accurate description, quick delivery, good price, what else?I am really satisfied of my purchase. No negative remarks. I suggest.
Easy to use and does the job. Good design and I have had excellent use so far!
The specs don't mention HO units, so I guess that is why it didn't have the correct size thread. I returned it for a full refund.
If your propeller costs $600 .00  you need this and you can sleep at night ,First day I bought my boat caught someone trying to steal the prop. Now its pretty safe I would say.
Works great on my 175 mercury black max. I run stainless props only and this just gives me ease of mind if I stop somewhere for something to eat or whatever when I'm trailering. I thought it would be a piece of flimsy junk, but it  is constructed very well. Make sure you bring the key with you so you can get your prop off if you have a mishap or if you change props often like me.
I was worried about my prop hanging at water level in the boat house with the water low in the lake.A friend told me about this product and I was ready to purchase at full price. Amazon had the link for a great price. I will look at amazon for prices now.
before i purchase this mcgard propeller lock 74039, i called mcgard and they told me it would fit my outboard. somebody needs to get there act togeather at mcgard. it will not fit my 2011 mercury 40hp efi. do not waste your time because the description from mcgard is wrong. very disappointed.
I will see this summer how it works and if the prop stays on.  My SS prop was a few dollars and do not want the prop to be taken from me.
This product is fast and easy to install.  It does exactly what it is supposed to do to prevent theft.
good quality good price  will defenitly de tur someone from steeling your propi dont like that there is not a locking tab washer
Product delivered quickly, works as expected. easy to install.  It recommends using torque wrench at 50 ft-lbs to set tightness.  I was disappointed that I could not register key online, had to snail mail hardcopy.
This product was very easy to install and I'm hoping it will prevent someone from swiping my very expensive stainless prop.  If you would like to order an additional key do not bother with the mail in envelope.  Just call their customer service line, (800)444-5847, which is on the documentation that came with the product.  They can register and order whatever you want (new locks, new keys) right over the phone with your credit card.
The McGard prop lock was easy to install on my 75 HP Merc. Took off factory nut on prop shaft and replaced with enclosed bellville washer and lock. Directions were very clear for the different manufacturers. Also nice to see this lock set made in USA
Stops the midnight prop thief. I recommend their outdrive locks also. It only takes 30 seconds to remove a prop and a minute 30 seconds to remove an outdrive. Definitely will help protect very expensive  to replace parts on your boat.
I can sleep easy now knowing that my new $300 SS prop is securely protected. This is an amazing product and I highly recommend it.
Great piece-of-mind for my stainless Hydromotive wheels. Made in the USA, superior quality, sooper customer service.Have used McGard auto products for years, hard pressed finding better quality.
Does what it should, high quality and provides peace of mind! I would definetly recommend this to boat owners.  This keeps my $600 stainless sport boat prop save when trailering or when it's on the hoist out on the lake.
So far so good - was looking for something to get the thieves to move on the next boat and stay away from mine - I don't know what type of tool it would take to get this off without the lock but it would not be easy.  Also bought the MCGard 74036 Outboard Motor Lock Set to go with it also.  So far so good - don't know how a thief would ever get the prop off my boat without the key.
I'm giving the lock one star because the prop fell off when I started the boat. Luckily I found the prop. My son went into the water and found the prop. I followed the directions correctly and verified installation with McGard. When I spoke with Mcgard they said I installed the lock correctly. I asked them why the prop fell off. He asked me if I used never seize on the threads. I said no. I did use the special grease that the mercrusier manual said to put onto the threads on the shaft. He said you can't put grease on the threads thats what made the lock fail and the prop spin off. Not so sure I accept this answer, especially when the manual calls for greasing the shaft. I took the lock off and kept the grease on the threads and went back to using the tab washer and nut on the prop. I'll take my chances without the lock.
This was the perfect "companion purchase" to the McGard 74018 Marine Single Stern Drive Lock Set.  This was purchased to deter thieves from stealing the propeller while the boat is in transit cross-country and even while sitting vulnerable in a storage yard or side yard of a residence.  Thieves like to take things easily that don't belong to them so they can take them to recycling yards for quick cash.  Why let yourself become a victim!
The lock is great.  Product installed easily and fast.  Its looks alone act as a deterrent to a thief.or worse
Replaced my 6&#34; handle with this 10&#34; handle and it is much easier to winch my boat on the trailer.
they needed to tell you how long the handle is this handle is to long i needed a shorter handle. thx
Fit right in on my 1984 OMC 2.5 stern drive. No issues so far. Shipping was fast comes with all needed hardware.
I purchased this ladder for my 2000 Princecraft Fish & Ski to replace the original ladder which has lasted for 13 years. This is the same ladder that Princecraft uses for their own boats. I folds up easliy and is easy to reboard the boat after doing cannonballs off the side or for picking up skiers and wake boarders. I'm glad I found this on Amazon and that i could get it for a fair price. The shipping was fast from Play That Toon Again it arrived even faster than the original estimated arrival.
Appears to be well made. I have not installed it on my boat yet, plan to today or tomorrow. I had to make a trip to Lowes for some S.S. harware to mount to the boat. It comes with hardware to put the ladder together but not to the boat. My guess is they can not know what you will need to install it on your boat. Still very happy with the ladder, grand kids will be able to jump and swim now.
I only purchase this as a back up. It is built ok and the price was good. I also taped it up to make it stronger and the wires aren't exposed.
Simple and does what it is designed to do.  Was a bit expensive for the length but I needed it.
Works perfect and is just what I needed to make the trailer lights work...It was much better priced than the same thing at Tractor Supply.
Needed longer plug in . Makes it easier to plug & unplug .It also saves on the plug that was going bad .
It arrived when primised it is as good of quality as any harness adapters I've seen at the stores but cost less. It's a good buy for the money.
This is a great product for when your trailer wires are just a little too short!  Affordable enough to have one in each vehicle, so it is there if you need it.
The product seems of good quality and it's as advertised.  What else can I say about a wiring harness extension.  It's doing what I expected.
This product is made well and is at what I consider a fair price.  It does the job  for which it is intended.
Thankful for this product because I use a trailer hitch receiver extension which makes the connections to far apart. The local stores carry harness extensions that are too short. This one is just right!
I like that this extension harness does NOT have a separate ground wire that you are required to bolt to the auto frame like some other harnesses do.
Its an extension harness and it does what it is supposed to do. Appears to be of reasonable quality. So it is as I expected it to be.
This is the perfect extension for using with my Reese Towpower dodge ram light. At present it works very well.  Well please with the price and function of the product.
I recently purchase a double receiver for my hitch so that I could use my bike rack and a small trailer. The bikes caused interference so I added a 12&#34; extension and the my wiring was a little short. Problem solved.
The connectors are nice and tight. I don't have to worry about them slipping out. Great item to have if you're testing the lights on your car (and have one of those little plug-in testers). Also nice when the rear cargo rack you purchase comes with a set of lights and a wire that isn't long enough to reach down to the hitch.
Description said B7HS. Product that arrived was B7HS-10.Plugs were out of sockets, rattling in the box. This might have damaged insulators.Packaging slip included in the shipment shows lower price than what I was charged and what shows on the invoice.
The distributer cap was an exact match and worked great, only thing is the o-ring gasket that is pictured with the cap was not included and I expected it to be, so I am still short that round gasketThanks,Meade
saw this one day on amazon, and had a older Dutton Lainson winch with the spring that rusted and broke, the winch was not usable in that condition and order kit this and put it back in to good operation condition,
The only thing that you need is the spring, the rest is junk.  The spring I received didn't work and had to be modified to work.  And after all my research from the manufacturers I is supposed to.  Waste of money.
The cap is good quality and well made.  It was a suitable replacement for the original cap.  It did come with a vent connection that my original cap didn't have, but that wasn't really a problem.
This cap is made of OEM materials and fits great.  I even used it as a teaching moment with my teenage daughter on how to replace the cap and rotor.  She had little trouble correctly replacing everything and buttoning it back up.  Now for the but...  I ordered this cap without the rotor figuring I would pick a rotor up at my local marine shop, which was not in stock.  I was going to order the rotor separately, but the shipping cost made it too expensive.  I found one during my travels at another marine store.  The Teleflex distributor cap is an excellent part, but I recommend ordering the cap and rotor as a pair if you are replacing it for preventive maintenance.  This will save you money.
That's a spare I got for my generator (Yahama EF2000is)Nothing much to say besides that this fits i,t and is the one the manufacturer recommends.I cannot say what gap it comes with as I need to set it to what I need anyway. (I'm using a propane conversion for my generator and will gap at 0.2)
OEM replacement for my Yamaha generator.  I have a difficult time finding these locally, but they work great at a much lower price than the special order would be through my dealer.
Fast Service, product as described.  The price was right too.  It is much easier to buy this product on line than to find one in a local store.
Excellent spark plugs. These are the same NGK spark plugs that you might purchase from your local motor cycle shop at a greatly reduced rate. Prompt delevery. I would definitely recommend this product and company for its high quality service.
This is the correct plug for a Honda Spree.  Others may fit, but this one is a resistance plug as needed.  It also arrived with the correct gap.
Getting a genuine spark plug for almost half the cost as compared to every other place was a smart deal.
This replaced the origional cap on my 1990 mercrusier 350mag with thunderbolt ignition, was a direct fit and looked identical in every way to the one it replaced, it came included with replacement screws, gasket, and elbow.  will buy again!
I put this on my 1993 OMC Cobra Inboard/Outboard with a 302 Ford V8. Seems to work fine. Fit just like the original. It was the lowest cost starter I could find anywhere.
If you need a replacement bow guard, this one does the job nicely.  No problems whatsoever.  I would recommend this product
Purchased only to have it cancelled by supplier. Whats the point of having a price and not honoring it? False advertisement is illegal in the USA!
Worked just fine,...was using it to reinforce a mailbox's shelf made out of formed plastic.  Filled and expanded the interior.  Was very much able to clean the sprayer to re-use and store the remainder of the contents,...
I recently purchased a can of 'Big Stuff' expanding foam from Home Depot, and was completely disappointed with the results, the foam came out looking like canned whipped cream, expanded slightly, then hours later when I checked on it, it was just a puddle sitting there, it never expanded or hardened-and was horrible to clean up. The next day I bought a can of expanding foam by Evercoat, this is the stuff I have used before that always provides excellent results. It comes out easily, expands well, and can be easily cut/shaped/worked after it has fully cured and hardened. The only drawback is each applicator straw and can is single use due to the nature of the foam expanding when exposed to the moisture in the air. I've used the for crafts/hobbies and for home repairs, it performs equally well in all the applications I've used it for.This review may only be legally shown directly on Amazon.com
Great plug, great price, my Yamaha 150's are happy, so if it's spark plugs you need, do you hesitate to buy from these folks!
Performs as expected. I use it for my F100 Yamaha outboard engine. I like to use original equipment. Fast shipping. Good price.
I replaced the plugs on my Yamaha outboard and it has stopped missing and runs like a new engine now.  Quality product.  Recommended.
Works as good as any I guess there vwea no prob lem with them in my 75hp 4 cycle merc.
This was a fast sipping and was just what was showed in ad. Great to deal with and I will use then aging
Just make sure you dont put too much on because you pretty much have to grind it off.  This stuff is awesome, best glass filler out there imho.
i was excited to use this on a restoration. the box looked just fine but the can was all dented and it came without hardener. bad news for someone who lives in small town
Got this and was a little This product is great it works great and is easy to sand and form. I've used others before but this is stronger and easier to work. Will use again...
Let me first be clear that the Everglass filler itself it top notch and works beautifully. I've relied on this product many times in the past and will continue to use it in the future.The single star rating is simply due to Amazon's lack of proper handling of this material, as evidenced by the damaged cans they continue to ship even though several others have already complained about them, and the lack of hardener being included with these when they ship (they come in the case these cans were originally packaged in). My guess is that they crushed the lot and are still trying to sell them to poor unsuspecting customers. These are damaged goods. Shame on you Amazon.If you need this particular item, my suggestion would be to buy it locally instead of through Amazon since they don't seem to know how to deliver this quality material in a quality way.UPDATE: I returned the dented can that was missing the hardener back to Amazon and indicated both of these as the reason why I was returning this filler. I took a chance and exchanged the item instead of just refunding it as I would have liked to use this filler. While Amazon was quick to ship me out another can - it too is dented and missing the hardener. So, returning to Amazon and purchasing locally after all. Shame.
I use this stuff on o0ccasion, and I hate to spend an arm and a leg on it locally.  this stuff works great as it's designed.
I waited a week and a half to start work on my car, and the shipment came without hardner. Now, where do you get the hardner for this? Amazon, get your act together. I am pissed...
I used this Kevlar filler (Evercoat 632) to repair the lower back panels on my Ford pickup...---  which had rusted out with 3-4 inch diameter holes where Ford created a lip on the bottom to attract mud/salt and subsequently rust.I applied fiberglass tape (large hole)to the impacted area...overlapping the tape and extending the tape out to solid metal (sanded to bare metal!).---  then spread two coats of the Evercoat 632 over the tape...working the filler into the tape and then tapering....sanding well between coats.Granted, it will not eliminate the rust, but it will eliminate cutting and torching...at least for the immediate future.For beginners, the 1 ounce creame hardener which comes with it looks far too inadequate, but if used correctly...---  it is good for the container.I suggest wearing a full organic filtered mask (not a cheapo) when using this product (or other fiberglass fillers) and nitro or rubber gloves...---  fiberglass filler on your hands is bad news.
I've ordered 5 of these cans, the product works great when I get undamaged and complete. one box was missing the hardener, and two others were so badly packaged they opened during shipping, they forgot to put the product in a bag as well leading to noxious fumes and green fiberglass resin leaking out of the box on my doorstep. I am very disappointed on the safety of amazon for packing a dangerous chemical like this is such a irresponsible way.
I only had a small area to patch on my jeep so am glad that I paid the extra money to get this instead of standard filler.  I don't have air tools but was still able to sand this in little time with great results.
The frames on the older versions of this were likely chrome plated castings, and as such were more substantial.  The problem with these is that the frames are stamped from stainless steel sheet, and are not stiff enough to fully compress the rubber pads, resulting in a gap between the frame and the gunwale.  While it doesn't look too bad, I ripped a pair of shorts on the corner of one of these while climbing into the boat.
I ordered the yellow lab, they sent me the black lab.  I'm not upsetr I've had both yellow and black labs.  Anyway the quality and detail is just perfect.  Lots of people on the streets comment on the appearance of my ball cover.
My ten year old son bought this for my husband for his birthday.  It is a little cheesy and I am not sure how long it will last but my husband got a kick out of it and my son was so proud! It was a little tough to get on the hitch but I am not sure what size hitch we had.
I actually bought this as a joke since I got a deer and my husband didn't.  Instead of using as a trailer hitch cover, it's a finial for a lamp.  Received many positive comments.
Description says it fits a 2-5/16" hitch ball. It doesn't. I cut the ridges inside and was able to get it on. I don't know if it will survive very many on/off cycles, but it was a novelty gift, so, whatever... I like it.
This bracket does not fit a Force 10 grill for a boat. Now I'm out $21 for expedited shipping. I will be contacting the company and will update this review after I talk with them. But my Labor Day grilling adventure on the sailboat didn't happen and now the opportunity is gone until next summer.
Seemed to be a quality item. The instructions were very clear. Item was well packed and shipped promptly. 800 number for questions was nice touch.
I received one for Christmas, installed it easily on my van, however less that a week after I installed it it broke off. It is made of plastic and in cold weather (which is indicative of the northwest) the part that spins gets too cold and will snap off while driving.
easy hook up quickly recieved.  would buy again if had another truck
Cute as can be and easy to install....but in a matter of weeks one blade broke off and I really don't think I got anywhere near anything.Plastic and fragile.Simply not worth more than a few bucks.
Installed the propeller hitch cover easily back in November.  Less than three months later one of the blades broke, on a vehicle that is not driven very often.  If it is unable to be made in steel for safety purposes, how about aluminum or some other soft metal alloy that will be flexible but not break as easily as the plastic?
Beautiful and well made. Metal not cheap plastic.
I am thrilled with my American Flag hitch cover.  It came promptly, and was packaged nicely.  It was a little larger than I expected (5'1/2 x 4), but it is a great size, and looks awesome on the back of my vehicle.  The hitch cover seems to be sturdy and made well!  Another bonus is that it comes with a small padlock ~ so it won't "disappear" one day!  Very happy with my purchase!
Bought this for my hitch to show my patriotism.  I love America but hate what the politicians are doing to it.
It looks really nice on the hitch. It was no problem to install(no brainer). You just have to remember to take it easy going over a speed bump. It hangs down low on a car, I guess on a truck it wouldn't really matter though.
Looks great on the truck. Sturdy. We replaced the pin that comes with it with a sturdier pin and lock.
I LOVE this! It looks soooo good on my 2001 Yukon.It was super easy to figure it all out and "install" it.The only reason why I had to give it a 4 star is because out of the 3 screws they sent, 2 of them were a pain in the ass and didn't fit. But here's the thing. The metal that needs to attach to the flag needed to be bent out a little bit OR the screw holding spots on the backside of the flag, needed to be brought in closer for all the screws to line up.  The screws not all lining up was what was annoying.  After trying with my non-existent-upper-body strength to try to pull the "hitch" part out a little and not getting anywhere, I finally looked for some other screws in my tool box. I found 2 others that made it work.So yes, I had a little problem with what came with the kit, but I used some common sense to figure out a solution and in the end, it worked. No biggie. :)Like I said, Love this. I'm glad I ordered this instead of a decal for my back window.
Loved the little lock with it and that it's metal and not plastic.  Very heavy weight and durable.  Got one for my friend too and have had lots of compliments on it from people.  They want to know where I got it.
A great addition to your hitch.  Easy to use but more important it looks sharp.  Have been using it now for over a year and it still looks brand new.
Love the tow hitch cover, it is very well made, it is quite heavy and the colors are vibrant,  it looks great.
You have to put it together with 3 screws onto the hitch insert.  Then it wouldn't fit under the bumper on my F250.  The top of the flag hits the bumper.  Waste of money.
I just ordered my second American flag hitch bud.  I note in the product info that it was first available in September 2003. Well, I must have been one of the first customers!  I retired in Nov. 2003 and around that time I bought the hitch bud for my towed vehicle. Since that time it has resided in two vehicles, traveled all 49 drivable states and 3 Canadian provinces (to and from Alaska).  I've repainted the stripes a couple of times; the blue field once and it survived a tooth jarring rear-end collision when a youngster wasn't quick enough on the brakes at a red signal. We've been settled in Montana with harsh winters for 5 years. This morning I noticed that it needs some new paint on the stripes.  I also decided to finally order a second bud for my other vehicle. Since the price has only increased by a couple of bucks over the years, I guess it was only procrastination that held me back. If this one holds up as well as the first, I guess I'll pass two of them on to my grand kids! Five stars? Yep.
I have a lot of hitch plugs but this one gets the most compliments. Seemed big to me until it was installed, then it looked perfect. Smaller would not have looked as good. Very well made. Heavy duty and strong like my Jeep. Definitely a must to show your national pride!
Wonderful piece.  However, the receiver insert holes for the hitch pin leave the HitchBud extended about an inch and half on my Toyota OEM hitch.  I will have to have to have machinist drill/cut new holes in the receiver insert to make it flush.  With this beautiful piece I would recommend a more substantial hitch pin and lock.
They ran as advertised and made the boat run more smoothly and faster. They are the correct product for this engine. &#34;By George&#34;
Perfect fit exact replacement for my truck. Good service and fast delivery... but its also a bit costly for such a tiny piecd....
Took me 20 minutes to install.  I recommend buying liquid electrical tape to cover all the connections when you are finished installing.
I fitted the unit yesterday it works great easy to install it was a great deal  and it was packed very well thank you
Although the product I received looks identical to what's pictured, it was apparently manufactured by Teleflex Morse. No documentation was included whatsoever - no instructions, no warranty, no specs, nada. Granted, it's a no brainer to install/replace (assuming you can identify positive & negative, which are labelled on the device). There's a helpful little "ticker" on the right side of the tenths position that seems to move about every 5 seconds so that you can see that the timer is actually working (rather than having to wait six minutes to see if the tenths counter advances). I'm not sure why the item says "Marine" Hour Meter. This is a standard meter that should work for lots of applications. I used it to replace a dead meter on my residential generator. Since the generator doesn't run much, I can't speak for the meter's accuracy or longevity. It was a good savings over what was available locally, however, and it seems like it will do the job.
I have installed the 12 volt version as a replacement for the original hour meter that came with my Bobcat Skid Steer.  Installation was a no brainer.  I use it for scheduling maintenance and for billing customers.  The far right digit indicates when the meter is running -  much better than waiting 6 minutes to see if the reading will advance.
Works great and easy to install. Put it in our sailboat and very happy with the install and operation. The only issue I had was keeping it running until it matched the existing hours (645)
This hour meter works nice in my boat. I have a Tiara Open 38 and bought them because every time we wanted to see how many hours my Cummins marine engines have being running, I had to send the keys to the mechanic to open the switch and look in each of the two electronic monitors that are installed in the cockpit's console. Now I just installed one of this meters next to each engine and the mechanic just goes there and knows if the engines needs an oil change or a certain service, without having to ask for the keys.
This identical replacement for an older (26 yrs) hour meter on my boat just works. It was nice to find one that required no changes to the original installation. Same bracket and connections.
This is installed on my boat to record engine maintenance hours.  Was a snap to install and works great! I would highly recommend it.
Nice and small but the numbers are quite legible. The white-on-black digits are hours, the black-on-white digit is tenths-of-an-hour (6 minutes each). It has a cool little &#34;blinking thing&#34; on the right of the display that &#34;tics&#34; every few seconds to let you know it's counting. (Helpful for installation.) The display is mechanical (wheels) and easy to read in bright sunlight. (Whereas those funky-cheap-popular LCD displays even on high dollar items are difficult to see at times.) I put mine in a very small plastic box, screwed to the podium inside wall instead of cutting a square hole in the dash. And being mechanical, it &#8220;remembers&#8221; the count forever without any power so winter storage or a dead battery aren&#8217;t a concern.Electrical connects via push-on tab connecters but I soldered (carefully) the wires directly to my tabs. You want to connect it to 12VDC coming from the &#34;engine on&#34; post (or wire) on the ignition switch. In my case (Tracker Bass Buggy) it was convenient to connect to the tachometer supply. (That's actually the same logically as the ignition switch; tach is energized only when the engine is on.) And the counter draws nothing unless the engine is running. (Unlike some instruments/devices which draw very little current but will drain the battery in long periods of non-use.)Since I didn't get the counter until we'd had the new boat a couple of weeks, I advanced the count about 10 hours (estimated use 'till then) so from then on hours counted-displayed were fairly accurate. (Useful for maintenance/oil change etc.) Do this with a couple of clips on the battery posts and watch a clock for the hour count you want.In summary, the counter is exactly what I was looking for and appears to be well made and reliable.
We have 89 hours and know problems. Looking forward to its use next fishing season so we can keep track of the hours on the boat motor.
After taking out the old 454 out of the Sea Ray and putting in a new engine, I needed to start fresh with a new hr meter. A little small, but it was not a problem, and very simple to wire up. Works great in the engine compartment.
The meter installed in boat very easily without any problems.  Appears  to be working very well.  No problems to date.
Works great, keeps track of hours.  Nothing more needed A+ product.  Would highly recommend product for anything that takes an hour meter.
...Just like you'd get at your local motorsports store but a few dollars cheaper and without having to drive down there.  It arrived literally the next day after I ordered it; which was impressive and worked out of the box.
What can I say its a spark plug.  I run these on my two stroke bike because really the expensive ones don't make a difference on a dirt bike.
All of the pictures in the product description show a 6 blade impeller. No impeller was included in the sealed parts bag I received, The impeller is the most important part. I will try to return the kit. Ridiculous waste of time and money.
This kit says it comes with everything for my Merc115EFI. It was missing the seal that is between the housing and the shaft. I ordered it from Mercury tho. Still alot better than paying someone to do this simple task.
I got it for preventive maintenace on my Mercury outboard. Changed the impeller of the pump to avoid cooling proplems.
It sure is nice to get a part that does the job and saves you money.  I changed the water pump on my 90 Merc in about an hour!!
Ordered this for my annual impeller/water pump service on my Alpha 1 Gen 2 outdrive.They fit perfectly.  For $27 shipped with Amazon Prime you can't beat the price.I also bought a face seal which should be changed with the impeller.  I'm not sure why they aren't sold together in the kit.  Here's the link:Sierra International 18-2599 Marine Face Seal and Tool
Exce;;ant product and seller highly recommend this seller if you need quality parts and fast shipping.
Received a pair of these kits for a lower end rebuild.  Had pretty much everything I needed, except for some of the special tools that makes lower end rebuilds easier.  I wouldn't hesitate buying aftermarket kits for Yamahas from Sierra again.  They haven't let me down yet in 6 years.
I'm sure this is a fine product as long as you get the right one.  It says Bravo 123.  If you have the solid brass pump, you need 18-3016-1.  The description doesn't say anything about that.  Save yourself a headache and check first.  If the blue drain plugs are on the housing before the hoses start, this is the wrong one.
The housing looks the same as OEM. The impeller does not look as beefy, but works equally well. Don't wait until the impeller breaks, replace it early. If it does, you'll have to backflush with a garden hose to get the pieces out.
Rebuilt sea water pump on my 2011 Mercruiser 357 Mag bravo 4V motor with this kit.  Was a perfect replacement at a better price than my distributor.  I have prime so it came right away!  will save order in case I ever need to rebuild pump again!
Impressed with overall appearance of the plastic housing..........no rough edges or spots, and the plastic appears to have a much smoother finish than others I have had.  Good value for the price.
I ordered this, brought it to the cabin, went to put it in and there was no impelled in the box? Misleading since the picture shows the impeller.
Ordered this for a bad impeller and everything worked perfectly, you must make sure that the impeller is installed correctly,before taking out the old impeller make sure to see how the old one rotates. Also lube the impeller tines and pump body interior before installing. I replaced this on my 454 mercruiser engine and works Great! Would buy again.
works great
The wire was just what I needed and worked out great.The spark plug clips that came with the wire, where useless to me.
fit my 92 Mercury motor power trim..lots of research to find the best price..only time will tell as to how long it will last..just hope it last as long as the first one..also fast shipping
This rectifier works well to repair a no charge to battery, inoperative tachometer symptom on popular Johnson / Evinrude outboards. Quick fix and Teleflex / Sierra products have a good warranty policy.
This rectifier was exactly what I needed to fix my outboard motor.  A bad rectifier prevented my starting battery from recharging, also the tach stopped working because it receives a pulse signal input from the rectifier.  Very simple to install and quickly fixed the problem. The price from Amazon was at least 1/2 that of local parts suppliers.
Back in October, my 70hp Johnson outboard wasn't charging the battery properly.  A mechanic recommended replacing the rectifier.  I bought this item, bolted it on, and now my outboard is charging the battery.  This part was a little less expensive than the original Johnson stock part.  At this point I have no complaints.
It fulfilled my needs and was of a good quality. I had no trouble with shiping I would recommend it for the money.
Its partially my fault for not completely reading the details but the picture is misleading. While it shows a chrome cap, it is actually black plastic. Other then that the product is fine.
Arcos starter fixed my starting problems. Very strong starting speed, that cranks my outboard at a quick rate. Starter stays cooler thatthe stock starter. Delivery was very quick and surprised me. So far this is a very go investment and works very well.
works like a charm..spins my 90 like a top.plus made in the usa.costs a little more but thats ok when your out in the middle of lake michigan and need to port.
Clamps are fine and seem to be good quality.  The size was just what I needed.  While the text is only slightly confusing the illustration is not the product, but a display stand with all different sizes.  The product comes loose in a small cardboard box.  Price for the size and quantity was fine.
My girlfriend gave it to me last year so that I could mount it on my ridding mower.It works like a champ during the hot summer days holding my favorite drink without a single spill while I mow the lawn.
This is the only modern plug specified for these outboards, and worked great when replacing my old NGK 4838s. Note that 4838 is the NGK stock code for their BP8H-N-10, these two identifiers refer to the exact same plug.
These plugs are the &#34;Z&#34; version need for my boat. Buy what your owners manual says. I have a mercury saltwater 115 2004 motor
This spark plug has a resistor to prevent electric noise from interfering your VHF radio.  This is what the &#34;Z&#34; in the product number stands for.I could have used the regular model that doesn't have the &#34;Z&#34; in the product number.  The outboard in my boat comes with these spark plugs.  Therefore, I stick with whatever is in there.I cannot find this spark plugs in any of the local marine supply stores.  I am glad that I can order it from internet.
Not much to say.  This was a great price for brand-name spark plugs.  My purchase was for a Mercury boat motor and they worked exactly as expected.
I own a 1992 Mercury 115 outboard motor.  I had held off changing the plugs for a couple of years and after last years poor gas mileage and higher cost of gasoline I ordered spark plugs to install.  Very pleased, quicker starting, more overall power and better gas mileage were the benefits.  I will consider changing the plugs every year or two from now on.
Good quality product would recommend for use in our boat motor as they last longer than a cheaper set would!
I chose this product because it was cheaper to get the plugs in a pack. It would of been more exspensive to buy them seperatly from other dealers. This purchase met my expectations and then some.
Took a chance, knowing all too well that ten of these should cost $20-30+.  The description & photo indicate it's a 10-pack.  It is not.  Oh well.
I used the NGK4122 plugs at .030 on our Evinrude last fall and will retire champion plugs forever. There is a noticeable improvement in performance and they do not seem to rust as fast in the salt air as the champions. I went to NGK page and found my engine to get plug number, then ordered from Amazon. Don't forget to gap!
Firstly, the instructions for this unit are horrible. They instruct you how to install the tail lights, but make absolutely no mention of how to install the side marker lamps. If you have done this before, you can figure it out, but otherwise, you are left guessing how to wire them in properly. Also, the provided ground wire is only about 12" long. It should be at least 8 feet long. With a 12" ground, you are certainly left having to splice in another piece so you can reach a suitable place to attach the ground to the frame. Usually this is done at the stud for one of the side markers. I found myself scrapping around for an extra piece of wire and ended up clipping the ground wire to the coupler. It won't last long like that though. Also, this unit uses 'quick connectors' for the terminals inside the lights. This are where you push the wire through the back and a spring holds them in place. That's great for making the install easy, however it leaves room for error, and it also will fail in a few years when the cheap springs lose their tension. A simple screw terminal would be a great feature and would insure a solid connection for years and years. I'm overall very disappointing in this product, and would avoid it at all costs. It works, but I don't think it will last, and I hate to have to rig up the ground wire with a brand new setup, it would be nice if it was provided at the proper length to begin with.
Have always used this cleaner/restorer on our boat.  This is the best price I've ever see. Not everyone carries it.  Easy to apply & buff off.  Cleans fiberglass great, removes black streaks and applies a light coat of wax.
Round Stainless ball. Warning, only use this with trailers with a 2 inch coupler firmly attached to the trailer. For sure be aware this ball must only be used with the proper shank which is firmly attached to your truck. Happy Towing
I bought this stuff for an art project, modifying the form of an aluminum casting. It costs a lot more per ounce than the cheapest bondo but, because it contains zinc, bonds reliably to galvanized and aluminum. also, it has a really nice, uniform texture. Hint: for small-batch mixing use a little digital scale to achieve the proportion of 5% (included) hardener.
Just what I needed for that ultra tight spot.  I love the double adjustable nut setting.  Made it possible to add live wells that mount super close to the side of the boat
Recommended plug for my outboard.  Bought set of 4 and they all work great and came with the correct gap.  Would not hesitate to purchase these through Amazon again.
This product was exatly what I was looking for. The fit was perfect and the price was very fare.I will not hesitate to order from this company again .
When searching for and item and finding this one, I know exactly what I am getting when I order this item. I know all about the manufaturer, their sucess and.... damn, I don't know the diameter, the construiction material or anyhting really other than it is a jaw slide. Based on the product description I sure hope you sell lots of these.
Glad I could find this on amazon.  Probably would have had to go to a boat dealership to get one & who knows what they would have charged me.
Works fine.  Hard to find these bulbs anywhere for the light on the mast of my pontoon boat. Bye now.
product description states 4.5 inches and is barely over an inch square, I'll keep it for something else it looks good just smaller than I expected
Smaller than expected but turned out to be a very good item and in use on my boat. I like them.
Bought this to replace a tach I burned out by running my outboard without a battery.  The engine has no voltage regulator so the voltage went high and ruined the tach.  This is the exact replacement fo the one I burned out so be careful as an over volt condition will ruin this tach.  This tach is adjustable to support the varying stator types on different outboards.  It comes wiht all the hardware needed for installation and the backlight works well.  Overall good tach but it's construction is a little &#34;economical&#34; so I'm not sure how long it will hold up.  Original tach was less than a year old and still fine so only time will tell how long it will last.
I have a triumph boat and this is the only caulk I can use to stick to my boat and it works
Product works great!  Wish they would have explained in the detailed description that it had 4 wires because our system had 2.  We figured out a work-around so worked out ok!
IT is a good product but would like option to buy new switch and wiring diagram for motor to switch because it is hard to find two speed switches
Have not installed yet but will follow up after I do.I plan on installing it this weakendMay 4th
Cheaply made and fragile. Burnt out in a few weeks? Amazon did send a quick replacement. There is a metal washer on the top that seems to make it vulnerable to water damage.
This item was a bolt-in replacement for the solenoid on my 1979 Johnson Seahorse 35HP (35EL79). It fits appropriately and works well.
Put on a 1982 Johnson 75hp outboard, fit exactly as the original and worked perfectly, came with all of the nuts and washers needed, and works dependably.
So far I love this pedestal.  It looks and performs great.  I cannot find any difference in the way this one performs to a factory installed version.  I would  highly recommend this one if you need some adjustment in your seating height.  Love it!
I bought this for our 1997 Reinell 180 boat - they work great and are not expensive. More heavy duty for trailering than I thought they'd be. Not sure I'd use them on a boat much bigger than 19 or 20 ft, but for a 17', 18' or even 19' they work nicely.
Sold my last set with my Yamaha. Ordered on a friday and received on monday, super fast !Dont buy cheap crappy tie downs and loosen up as you drive. Use this style tie-downs withyour boat of PWC and you boat will not move ! set it and forget it !!Used over last weekend and I would buy another set. Worked great, good quality, perfect !
I used these yesterday & am very happy. I always hated the over the stern strap that I had on my Lund fishing boat from new & these make tying it down SO much easier than before. I wish I'd gotten them sooner!
Bought the 3 foot and 4 footers for tie down of my Sea Doo. RXP got the 3 ft buckles, RXT got the 4 foot tie downs. Comes in a pair. Work easy and lock without scratching the boat.
Works just like expected.....Now lets see how long they will last. Felt like pretty good quality, so I hope they last a while.
Don't know why, but the 4 foot straps were cheaper than the 2 foot straps.  So, we installed our brand new 4 footers and cut off the excess.  Then we took a lighter and burned the ends so that they did not fray.  This makes for a perfect fit!
Good durable 2&#34; straps.  Good for a boat or motorcycle.  Look and feel stronger than other motorcycle tie down straps.I hope looks are not deceiving.
Great boat tie down for Boston Whaler Montauk with load rite trailer. The original single strap on the stern had busted loose part of the rub rail so I went with these attached to the lifting eyes off the back and going to the trailer. This places no load on the rub rail with minimal excess of six inches left. The tensioning of these is adequate, no ratcheting required.
The item arrived on time and was made from quality materials.  The price was very competitive and it has held up to hours of use.
sencillos y utiles como se ven y se describen en la publicacion.llegaron a tiempo y con la calidad esperada
No padding that goes against the boat, my old ones had rubber or hard plastic that went to the boat side to protect it. Picture is not good on the site.
yes i wouldlike to say this is a very good item . i use it to hang my 55 gallon deer feeder  with a hand winch and it was the right lenth and the hook on end was what i needed to atach to the top. and the size of the cable  was right for the weight i am lifting. i would like to recomend this product. it arrived in a timely manner in a very good package.
This is a 1200 lb jack not 800. See the DL website. Also this jack is of high quality but made in China. So China can make good products if they are given the proper specs to follow. Most other cheaper jacks are also made in China and are junk.
When I bought the boat new in Sept. of 2006 the DL Swivel Tongue Jack 3400 came with it.  The jack does not come in contact with saltwater when launching the boat. The boat is garaged keep when not in use. The jack and swivel plate is rusted making it very difficult to crank the wheel down and maneuver the boat. I'm now looking for another brand. I feel it should have lasted much longer than it did.
I use a BrenderUp horse trailer from Thule in Denmark, and since they shut down their American factory 2 years ago it is becoming increasingly difficult to get parts. This was a perfect match for the trailer support wheel and seems to be working perfectly in that capacity.
I bought these Cause they're probably the best price you can get online shipped to your door. I've always been a huge ngk user. I've ran ngk in every car over owned. Never had a problem. These particular ones I used in my 2006 Pontiac GTO. While some people preach about iridium plugs. I put about 4-5k miles a year on the car and I change plugs every year or so. Which is about the expected life for a copper plug like this. 10-15K. Copper is a better conductor so in theory a better plug vs platinum and iridium. The only downside is it's low life. I got these Cause they're cheap, a better plug and since I do low miles a year, will get changed out anyway way before it's life end.
Added this to my car dolly. Took me 15 minutes to mount. Now I can pull my car with peace of mind that if I get a flat I have a spare.
Don't pay attention to the picture!  These ARE surface gap plugs.  So if that's what you're looking for, you got them!  I was a little weary of ordering them because of the generic picture, but I took a chance, and it turned out they sent the right ones.  As always Amazon had these in stock, and i got them on time.  I put them in my 90HP Mercury outboard last night, and she fired right up, and ran smooth.  What else can i say, they are spark plugs.  This is the cheapest I have found for this model, they range from $6 and change up to $16 at dealers or online.  I try and order everything through Amazon when i can, i know i will get reliable service, and quick delivery.As a side note, another compatible plug for these is Autolite Plugs, PN 2872.  They are under $4 and you can also find them on Amazon.  I ordered them, but they aren't coming directly from Amazon, they were drop shipped from a mom and pop shop, I'm interested to see if there is a differnce between the 2 as far as life expectancy and performance.Happy Shopping!
Pic shows outer electrode arm so it's incorrect.  I sure am happy they didn't come that way.  I've used these plugs in a Mercury 2 stroke for year's so I expect these to hold up just as well.  Price was good too...
Yuk! That's about all I have to says about this extremely fast dissolving toilet paper. But one must do what's necessary...
These rolls are too small.  Even though they are less expensive that other competitive rolls, they go to fast.  Add a few more wraps!
Its 4 rolls of tp, exactly what you expect when buying it. came in a box, think it had a hole in it but nothing was damaged, would have been shorter but apparently they have a 20 work min
Not thick but there's a reason, not soft but it's because of what it is.  Good value for the product.  I don't like it much but it is a necessity when you have a camper so great place to find and buy, locally this stuff is way overpriced.  Pay more - get less, don't get it.
Priced way to high! I thought when I purchased this that it was a fantastic deal, because I thought I purchased 4 packages with 4 rolls each. You get one package with for rolls.  I went back a few hours later to cancel the order, but it said buyer was preparing to ship, so you could not cancel the order.  Of course this is my error, misunderstanding the amount, but thought I would make sure no one else makes the same mistake I did.  You can get a package of this toilet paper on sale at Campers World for much less.  I paid almost 3 time what I normally pay for this toilet paper.
Have been aware of the Thetford brand for years. High quality and the same brand as the toilet in our camper. Has never caused problems in the camper. The only place near us that carries it is the local Walmart and I hate going to Walmart. Amazon's price is OK and we're Prime members, so the convenience of ordering at home is worth it.
What can I say, it's TP and it does the job.  I have noticed a difference in how well this product disolves more quickly that ordinary household toilet paper.  And it is fairly soft and kind to my behind!!!
What can I say, most of the time its the ladies on the boat who will judge this, but no complaints have been received yet.
This TP is ok. A little on the thin side but I guess that's required for rv use so as to dissolve well. I've tried others and this seems to get the job done.  I would and have recommended it to others.
Most RV paper like Camco etc. is so thin you need way too much of it to prevent... well... bad things from happening while in use. This defeats the purpose of RV specific paper. The Thetford paper is thick and soft like home paper but still breaks down quickly in an RV holding tank.
this presure switch cracked when i put water in my camper to early this year. this is the exact match for one i broke. thank god Amazon still could find one for my old camper.
No problems..
awesome replacement for my boat very easy to install very bright and other cars can see me at night on the road
These are the exact replacements for most of the older Performance/Tournament bass boat trailers! Pop the old one out with a screwdriver and pop in the new one. Attach the wire and you're done.
Glad to find it. The first original lasted 12 years. Hope this one does too.
Light comes with everything needed to install a replacement light except for stainless steel mounting screws.  It provides light and the quality seems pretty good.  What an enthralling purchase and and even better review.
Easy installation, direct replacement for the lights the trailer manufacturer installed.  Trailer lights are notoriously cheap, I go through 3 or 4 a year and I only use my trailer a few times a month. It's nice to have an inexpensive source for replacements.
Beware if you are replacing a current hasp. The picture is not what I received. The Swivel attachment screws positions are &#34;diagonal&#34; not centered as in the picture. Additionally the picture implies the hasp is finished nicely on both sides, it is not. I am returning to Amazon.
When using a flojet pump the in-Line strainer is required to quarantee the warranty. It was what I needed and the price was good and also it arrived quickly. Thanks. Will be ordering another soon.
I'm using this lock with the Valey Hitch Cargo Basket. It fits perfectly and looks great. I highly recommend them.
I have a 2" receiver and need the pin to work in the 5/8" configuration (with the adapter sleeve installed).  The pin inserts fine but pulling it out is a PITA!  The inner bolt pulls right out but the outer sleeve remains behind with the weight of the trailer holding it tightly in place.
Nice appearance and good quality. Manufacturer recommends occasional oiling of lock, and that should be done for trouble-free operation. Lock does have a rubber cover, but the hitch pin is is a rough environment.
Lock works great, just make sure you measure your hitch.  Mine did not fit as the barbells hit the hitch and would not allow the ends to connect.  The rounded part of the hitch stopped the barbell.  Just be careful.  It cost almost as much to return it than I paid for it.Jim
these barbel type locks are as easy to use, standard locksare one  piece this lock snaps in two and is easy  hide from view.
Great security for your trailer. This is stylish and functional at the same time. The cover makes you feel better about ruining the lock system.
I should have bought one that was smaller in the middle because this one was too long. But then I thought about it and it actually helps me get it on and off more easily with the extra bar space. This item is perfect because I needed to lock my bike rack to my hitch. The item is quality and will last me a long time. Fast shipping, great pricing. I will purchase again from this seller when I need similar items.
I was really surprised at the poor quality of this Master Lock product.  It is next to impossible to get this thing locked with only two hands.  It just doesn't want to snap together.  It appears that the locking mechanism inside the hole is not opening all the way to let the end of the bar to be inserted. (in other words I can't get it to lock without a LOT of effort) I'm considering sending it back.
Fits our hitch very well. Lock is protected by end cap. Slips on and off very easy. Well made. A good set of bolt cutters would render it in one snap but getting the cutters in there would be tight. Good thing! Don't want to make it easy to cut lock. Would recommend it.
Easy to use. Work great.
Lock rusted after just 5 months of sitting on my trailer, even with cap always on. Required that I pay $65 to have a lock smith cut if off after the key broke off in the lock. Looking for an alternative.
Was not too reliable. With just one hit of the hammer and it's off. I would not buy it anymore
Very easy to operate, no more turning, just a quarter turn for on and off use!  Great hard-to-find narrow barrel.
Great lock, very easy to use and of good quality. Price was right for the purchase, would recommend to anyone interested in a similar product.
Bought this for  my newly aquired jet boat trailer. Its kind of long for a tongue lock, looks funny on the trailer, but gets the job done. I dont think it would take a huge amount of force to break this off if someone really wanted to steal the boat, but its a semi decent deterrant.
Seen some state that this can be broken off with a sledge hammer, and it probably can. I park my boat in a monitored storage facility so really just need it to be a deterrent to theft visually as it locks and works as I need it to.
Well I thought it is marine grade. Apparently it is not. Should be ok for fresh water.
Fits great on my Stratos boat trailer and easy to lock and remove.  Just what I was looking for....especially with the price
Got this to secure my trailer to bumper.  It works but the 3.5&#34; length is too much.  Master Lock used to make a version that was could be slid on the barbell at different lengths.  This one doesn't and because of this a lot of the shaft is showing which would make it easier for someone to cut.  Quality is decent enough and it does work for what I need which is to keep honest folks honest.  If that's what your after this will work for you for a good price.
Just what we needed and it fit perfectly.  Also arrived in a couple of days which was great as wewere leaving on a long trip and needed it ASAP.  Thanks Amazon!
The unit was long enough to fit my hitch. This is the only good thing.  The bar in the middle is not very thin.  The master lock on the end had a pin jam the second time I used it.  I cannot free it.  So, it is worthless.  Either it is a spring or a driver pin that has slipped out of place.  I am not impressed.  I went to an auto parts store and purchased a new one which is built much better.  Big thumbs down on this product.  I am very disappointed.
Only had this about a month, so far no flaws and product looks good and works good.  Can possibly be used as a nose ring for some scofflaw.
Perfect fit, perfect function. My coupler had gotten out of adjustment (or never was in proper adjustment), and had worn in a few places. This took all of 10 minutes to replace the whole works and adjust it properly, and now it works great. Just be sure to install the flanged nut holder correctly.
It did not work on my boat trailer though. But the quality of this coupler is very nice. Not some cheapo parts. Looks like it was built to last. Heavy parts and looks durable. I wished it was the right size for mine. The couple that locks around the ball was too wide to fit in my channel of the trailer tongue. everything else would have fit. Good brand to buy though.
Searched a number of models to find the Faria meter that would match our current boats gages.  This worked out great but did some modification for the holding bracket since it was square and my gage mounting hole was round.  It was delivered quickly with no issues.  Great to do business with.
I replaced an older coupling that had a brake unit on it that no longer worked or was needed! this was a easy replacement and had no problems with it ever!
THIS WAS JUST WHAT IT WAS SUPPPOSED TO BE. IF FIT OUT BOAT PERFECTLEY..  WE ORDERED ON FROM SOME OTHER WEBSITE THAT WAS A PIECE OF JUNK!!
This was a direct replacement for the one on my boat. The button boke off on the old one. I ended up getting the angled one, as opposed to the staight one. It was a little tight, but the hoses had a more natural run.
Item received on time. This cap is the exact cap I was looking for.  I replaced the old beatup gas caps on my boat.
easy to hook up, easy to read and handsome gauge  Really enjoy these gauges.  Their simplicity, cost effectiveness appearance is above the rest
The gauge I ordered is the exact same gauge that was on my boat, so everything just plugged right in, making it a very easy change-out.
Was just what I was looking for.  Had one on my old boat and it worked great.  Have keen looking around for one, and was happy to find it.
The mirror itself is just the right size to see what's coming up behind me without blocking forward vision.  If it had a better designed mounting bracket it would earn the fifth star.  The bracket itself is all chromed metal which is a plus.  As other have mentioned, the problem is that, if you follow the directions, you'll be turning the set screws right into your windscreen frame which will leave permanent makings.  What I did was to glue a piece of weatherstrip to the inside flat piece of the bracket to improve grip and on the side with the screw holes I held the furnished plastic surface mounting spacer in place against the frame so the screw would contact it instead of the frame directly.  It all worked out fine but I shouldn't have had to do the engineering.
works great on my golf cart would recommend for anyone not wanting the traditional 5 panel mirror across the front of their golf cart roof. mirror give a large wide angle view.
One bad design flaw ruins an otherwise good product. Set screw to lock mirror angle sets into plastic insert and vibrates out of position allowing mirror to turn. Minor design change would fix this.
Even though I don&#8217;t ski I wanted to have some way to glance at the back of my boat while driving it without having to turn around all the time, check other boats, look at trolling rods etc. This worked perfectly nice wide view but not so large that it became an obstacle when mounted.
I had a mirror before that had mostly plastic hardware but it vibrated badly during operation and was almost unusable.  Well this beauty has metal mounting hardware and is wider. It has been great.  the only down side is the lack of adjustability after mounting.
I like the Faria line..this one works great. I plan to replace my other 35 year old gauges with the Faria line as they fail.
Excellent.  Looks great, accurate readings. Easy to wire, instructions easy to follow.  Just a great buy. Would recommend to anyone with even novice skills.
Very nice and easy to install. Fit perfectly in the existing hole from the old gauge. Also installed a new sending unit. Gauge works perfectly and is very accurate.
Fuel Gauge fit in my previous hole perfect and hooked right up with no problems at all. Appears to gauge fuel about perfect and is lighted as well.  Great Product!
Bought this for my Ranger boat and it is working great but have been out on boat only once. I will know more later.
simple install with a classic look. Includes hardware and clear instruction. Very good quality and appearance for a fair price.
Bought as a direct replacement for a gauge I ruined by running the outboard with no battery.  The engine has no voltage regulator and the the voltage went quite high and burned out the meter.  The gauge is comes with all the hardware for installation and the backlight works well but it's accuracy is a bit lacking.  Using a volt/ohm meter (fluke 85) on the back of the gauge shows the gauge reads about 1/2 volt low.  Not a big deal as it's more for telling me the battery is charging than the state of charge but disappointing none the less.  Construction is a bit &#34;economical&#34; so time will tell if it will hold up but I would expect to only get a few years out of it.
This pump works ok, if you have a small engine, like a lawn mower, but if you have something bigger, get an electric one.  Cost's more, but it's worth it.
This was a beautiful mirror but the wrong one for our jet ski.  We had to return it because of ordering the wrong one.
I broke a mirror on my Yamaha jet ski.  The cost of a Yamaha replacement was high, especially since someone would probably break another.  Although it was not a perfect fit, I could put it on without any adjustments.  I like the mirror better than the original.  It is bigger- so I have better visibility behind me and it is flexible, so I don't think it will break as easily.
These mirrors were good quality and should last for years. Worked just fine on my Yamaha Wave venture 700. This mirror will work on the right or left. Warning text will be upside down if used on both sides. This did not bother me, but some may not like this.
CIPA 11161 PWC Safety 3.5&#34; x 6.25&#34; Mirror Sport II (White) was just fine, some what high priced but certainly a real heck of a deal better than was was in the marine store.
Doesn't stick well, not very adjustable. Go with a fixed mount to the windshield frame and not a suction cup mount.
Our windshield was too thick for the brackets on other mirrors.  This one works great and stays in place.  Would recommend to anyone.
Its a very nice mirror and worked great for the first year. No loss of suction, never fell off. However, starting in year two, it would never keep suction. I tried cleaning the window and the suction cup; huffing a little moisture onto it prior to sticking, not huffing on it, nothing worked and so I went without a mirror. Plus you cant really make it go above your windshield, so it blocks some of the forward view. It was a quality mirror for the price, but now its in the give-away box. Will be buying a clamp-on that I can position above my windshield. So I do not recommend this product.
Well its great if there is no heat .....because it falls off when the glass is heated -_- i would recommend using an adhesive if you do buy this also the mirror is &#34;fisheye&#34; perspective
What can I say?  Works as advertised.  Suction cup works pretty good too.  Could be bigger, but still worked out fine.
I ordered two of these; one for a  friend and one for myself. We each have a golf cart and planned to use them on the windshields. The suction cup is not strong enough to hold them. It took some Rube Goldberg planning and strong glue to make mine at all usable. Also, it is not easily adjustable. My friend has become discouraged after seeing the difficulties I experienced.
When installing this mirror to the rear glass of my car to use as a baby mirror it snapped off of the stem that connects it to the suction cup.
If you're looking for a baby mirror, this is definitely it!  The other mirrors selling as baby mirrors are horrible compared to this one.  This is an actual mirror, not some plastic safety glass, which is odd since it's not for a child to play with.  Either way, a great mirror and worth the price!
USE IT ON MY BOAT AS A REAR MIRROR WORKS PERFECTLY.....STRONG AND VERY SUCTION HOLDIN UNDER HEAVY SEASTHANKS .....
I may have got a &#34;lemon&#34;, but the first time I tried to adjust mirror (as I took it out of box) the swivel broke!  I found a way to use it attaching it to another product with superglue, but I would not recommend this to anyone.
works great in my golf cart. holds good after ipushed it on hard for 30 seconds. you can see all around.
Sticks very well to the dash of our boat, has nice wide clear view. Good mirror for the price. Has a nice swivel function.
same old story, my rearview mirror kept falling off in my grandpa's little truck.  i tried everything from the recommended stuff all the way to loctite epoxy & even a professional.  nothing worked :( so i found this little item on amazon, put it on my birthday wishlist & santa dropped it on my front step just in time.  accustomed to defeat, but none the less a believer in magic, i happily stuck it on & started my truck up.  i went no further than the end of my driveway before it fell off.  nuts! i was crestfallen holding my deflated bit of christmas magic. but then something came over me, maybe it was desperation, & i stuck out my tongue & gave the back of the suction cup a big sloppy lick & plunked it right back into place. i wiggled it around just a little, thinking i was just nearly crazy enough to elicit unfavoring attention from the neighbors but hoping with just that little glimmer of christmas hope. & wouldn't you know it worked! It's been stuck on for over a month now & has managed to hold on when i sometimes launch that little truck over some good-sized florida speed tables on the way to work.  if anything, i would say that i could have gotten away with the smaller version, because this one is larger than a normal rearview mirror in a car, but if you want that, here it is! also, last bonus feature, if it does decide to fall off, it's pretty lightweight & probably not going to shatter or break. two thumbs way up!!
Suctioned well to the boat windshield, with no issues falling off.  Would recommend for any type of marine use.  Excellant
I got this for eye contact with people in backseat of my sedan while talking.It is awesome - nice, big and very clear.The suction cup is nice and strong, and has held well.
We got this to keep an eye on the kids in the back seat without having to turn around. It has worked great. The quality is very good - the suction has held strong for over a year and the mirror stays in place. It's a pretty big mirror, but it doesn't block your view if you mount it as high as possible on the windshield.
This mirror was okay but is already broken because the suction cup doesn't hold very well !!!  It only lasted for about a month and was hard to adjust.
Yesterday I unpackaged and mounted it.  Today it broke when I tried to adjust it the first time.  Not sure it's worth the shipping charge to Michigan to get warranty coverage.  So CIPA wins, I guess.
I bought this mirror to use it as internal rear view to the view the blind spot.  The quality of the mirror is good but the suction part sucks.  The suction does not stick to the glass for more than 15 minutes.  I would appreciate if the manufacturer focus on making a good suction like one in any GPS devices.
This thing broke the first time I used it.  Try to adjust the mirror angle and it fell apart. Find something else.
I will say I was apprehensive about the mirror as it was priced low.  I am very happy with it so far.  If I get one full season out of the suction cup on the mirror I will call it a good buy.  I think it will last longer than that though as it appears to be of decent quality.  Not a large mirror but a good sized one for my needs.  I have a small jet boat and it works great for when I do not have an observer in the boat pulling the tube or skier.  I then take it off and store it when not in use.  No problems with it so far and I have used it on three weekends.
I use this for a back-seat mirror for a front-facing toddler seat.  Much stronger suction cup and much larger mirror than those sold in baby stores.
I transport troubled children so I need a good view of all in the vehicle. This gives a great view, The suction cup did not work well and the stem busted. We attached it to the rear mirror and it worked great.
I bought this after reading several reviews and needing a mirror in which I could see my child who is now front facing in my large SUV.  My husband laughed when it arrived because it was much larger in size than I thought it would be.  The only place we were able to mount was above my current rear view mirror because my dash isn't smooth and I was unable to mount under the current mirror because my window was at too much of a slant and you couldn't adjust the mirror to view the rear seats.  I thought mounting it above the factory mirror would distrub my view but I was able to adjust the factory mirror to where I only see the trim and don't feel like I'm trying to decide in which mirror I should be looking.  Essentially no longer using the factory installed rear view mirror which has taken some getting use to but now I'm not sure why all larger SUVs don't use a mirror of this size.  I can now view the all the back seats (the most important one being the one in which my child sits), the cargo area, and the blind spot has decreased on the passengers side as you can see a car in the mirror through the window.  So not only do I recommend this for my original purpose of a baby rear view mirror, I would recommend this for all large SUV owners who wish to increase their viewing field in general.
i use this as a replacement rear view mirror. Looks a little silly at first but you get used to it quickly. Has an awesome fisheye mirror so your viewing angles while driving are very very good. blind spots are completely visible but i still look before switching lanes lol.
Got this for my brother in law so his boating would be safer. He liked it so much he bought one for a friend of his who owns a similar boat. Securely attaches to glass or fiberglass surfaces. Nice wide angle view.
Very happy with this mirror, if had a nice suction and has yet to fall off on its own. It fits nice on my crownline and makes it easier to keep an eye on whoever is behind me while I'm pulling.Follow upHave had the mirror on all summer and have never had it fall off. Made a 5 hour trip to table rock lake and was still on the window when we got there. Very pleased
My 1973 Jeep did not have a rear view mirror as a standard part of the windshield because the windshield folds flat on the hood.  So I got this one to stick on it.  I get a great wide view out the back to the point where the side mirrors are not really needed.  It has remained stuck to the glass now for a couple of months, handling a lot of bouncing around.
One star seemed over-generous, but it's the lowest going. I installed the mirror according to instructions and it broke at a touch when I tried to adjust it.Too much is required for reviews, which is why I don't do more.
I purchased this item based on a recommendation on my RV forum to use in my motorhome, so I could watch the coach behind me when I was driving, since I don't have a rear view mirror inside the coach. I couldn't put it on the windshield because I have an electric sunshade that it would interfere with, so I tried to put it on top of my dash, but it wouldn't stick. I then purchased an adhesive disk, also from Amazon, that is supposed to work with suction cup mounts exactly like this. I tried the two together, because I didn't want to stick the adhesive to the dash until I was sure it would work. No matter how I pushed the cup onto the disk, it wouldn't hold, so now I'm stuck with both a useless mirror and a useless disk.
Purchased my new ski boat last year at end of season.  Did not have tow mirror when purchased, and all I saw were the ones with screw on brackets.  My window frame was too thick and would not allow me to utilize snap on boat cover, if I mounted with that type of bracket.While on the lake one day, I saw one of these mirrors and asked owner how he liked it.  He gave it a thumbs up review.Put mine on last fall, have used it all this season and not one time has it come off.  That actually was my biggest fear.Optics are good and as previously stated, stays on great.Would recommend it to anyone who does not want to use the screw on type mirror.
This mirror is just not sturdy and breaks easily. I returned this and bought the Overton brand. On the other hand, Amazon return center is very very good. They were so courteous and professional and very prompt in dealing with their customers. I give amazon 5 stars for customer service but this product is not that good.
The rear view mirror in the car has fallen off three times in the past few years (always in HOT weather), and I am tired of putting in back on. So, I bought this to stick on the windshield where the original mirror mount was. Works great, very sturdy, and gives a better rear view than the original mirror. Pretty much eliminates the blind spots. Does has a wide-angle image, and takes a bit of getting used to, but provides a safer view of what is behind your car. Plus, cleaning the inside windshield will be easier--I'll just remove this mirror to make the job go faster. No more trying to clean the smears around the permanent mirror.
Very pleased with this mirror. I based my purchase on previous reviewer, they were right.  I cleaned my windshield, wet the suction cup and stuck it on.  The boat has been in some pounding waters and has not moved, been there for several outings.  I can now see behind me on a very busy Lake Travis, Austin, TX  Gene
Very happy with this purchase - it more than lives up to its advertising. Actual use is not for a boat but to cover a big blind spot in a &#34;beach trolley&#34; (a 15 passenger open golf cart type electric vehicle). It has been a valuable addition this summer and has probably helped to avoid several accidents.
The mirror is perfect.  I use it in my car to be able to see my grandson in his car seat in the back.My only concern is that I have to keep mounting it.  When I hit a bump, it falls down.When it is up, visibility is great!
This item works great - suction cup holds firm and mirror is clear. Solid construction and cost is very good. I plan on buying a second oneOnly thing is that it does not float should it fall in the lake - I had one for 10 years before that happened.
at first, I buied a glue in Autozone by 8$, only worked 2 days. Then I buy this one, it's still working. Really perfect goods.
Easy to install and remove and adheres even in 1-2 foot chops.Sticks to either windshield or flat surfaces and easy to adjust.
I bought a 1992 Ford pickup and the stock mirror was in the glovebox. I attempted gluing it back on but it would not stick. I found this mirror online and gave it a try. I moistened the suction cup, stuck it on the windscreen, and a month later it's still there! Since it's convex glass I get a panoramic view behind me. Takes a little mental acclamation, but now I think it's great. I can glance up and see behind me, left and right blind spots, and as a bonus, I can see into the bed of the truck! Great for checking on the load, tie down straps, etc. Love it!
So far so good. We have only had our boat out on the water once since our purchase. It was a fairly rough day on the water and windy and the mirror was able to hold up to the waves! We were a little worried that the mirror would fall off after we hit a bump, but we are so far pleasantly surprised!
If they had spent a bit more on better materials, this would have been a great mirror. Inside that nice thick ribbed boot, is a very thin metal rod, cast from some kind of grainy(like sand), low quality metal. The first time I tried to adjust it, it snapped off in my hand. Buyer beware.
We bought this for our 12 passenger van. It is stuck to the windshield. It has been there about 2 months and hasn't fallen off yet. It works great.
this is junk; i bought two and both immediately broke where the adjustment is between base and mirror. I am not even bothering to send them back, as it is a waste of my time, and ups' time.
The product seemed like a great idea, that is until it fell off only a few hours after I installeed it! I tried a few additional times however with all the same results! Now that I have the product, I am considering glueing onto the windshield, even though that defeats the purpose of the suction cup. Oh well!
Mirror performed exactly as advertised.  Does not vibrate so visibility is clear and wide.  I would definitely recommend it to other boaters.
Broke during installation. The mounting bracket is cast metal that is very weak. This mirror broke while I was pressing the down to attach the suction cup. Exceptionally disappointing that this terrible product is offered by Amazon.
Took mirror out of perfect condition packageWith minimal pressure applied to adjust mirror the metal pivot ball assy snappedThe metal casting is  not strong enough for the size mirrorCrap engineeringThe mirror itselfSizeWas what I was looking forTake off the site
I purchased 2 of these mirrors for our cars despite many reviews that the stems are made of cheap pot metal and they tend to snap.  The reviews were true, the metal stem it pretty brittle looking, however there is a workaround!  There are two screws on the under part of the mirror that connect the mirror to the stem, between the two mirrors I purchased one was on much tighter than the other so tight that I felt if I were to adjust it in its current state it would have snapped. So:1: if you receive a mirror that is hard to adjust remove it from the window and flip it upside down exposing the two screws on the back of the mirror that attach it to the stem.2: loosen the screws slows until the mirror is no longer stuck on the stem and can move without feeling you'll break it.3: done! Place it back on the windowThey are not the highest quality but given the price, size, and clarity of these mirrors you just can't beat them.
Mirror looked solid, but unfortunately, looks were deceiving in this case. I took the mirror out of the box, tried to adjust the angle, and the metal (?) arm on which it was mounted broke. I did not use more force than necessary to adjust a rear view mirror. Before I ordered I saw several reviews that reported this problem but thought perhaps they got one of a bad batch. Well, it looks like this may actually be a design flaw. Would not recommend this product.
I can look back into my motor home and see behind me. Turns out I stick it on my television which is up and between the drivers and passengers seats.Works perfect, stays in place. I just wish it were a little bit bigger. Regardless of that, works great. Fast shipment and inexpensive.
This product was great out of the box...as soon as we stuck it to the window, it cracked in half!
This is a great mirror.  Did not come off all summer even when traveling for over four hours.  Need a mirror but don't want to pay a big price.  This is the mirrorto get.
We ordered this for our Honda Big Red and was not disappointed!! Stays put on the windshield with no problem at all...
Just wish it would have been a little wider. Suction is great and it stays in place. Very clear view.
Excellent baby mirror for the car. At first I was a bit skeptical, but after reading the reviews, I purchased this mirror and it worked fabulously. You can clearly see everything with this mirror. It is perfect and holds onto the glass very well. I really love it.
Great for boating or inside RV bus vehicle to see a wide angle on everything inside bus while in motion.  Well Built.
Let me clarify I don't use this on a boat. I use it to eliminate the blind spot in my car.This is a great mirror -- that is, if you can get it installed properly.It's huge, not only it eliminated the blind spot on the right side of my car. I can actually see my kids on the rear seat clearly. Well, the one on the left side might still be able to hide right behind your seat. But the one on the other side has nowhere to hide except to go all the way to the floor.But installation is problematic. The sucking cup doesn't work, which is more or less expected. My Acura TL has a small tab on the ceiling where you can clip your garage door opener, I am able to squeeze the rubber cup into the tab and it stays there just fine. But if you can't find a good place to install in your car, this mirror is pretty much useless.
I spent a lot of time searching and reading reviews for backseat baby viewing mirrors, and I tried out several models only to return them to the store I bought them from.  I couldn't get any of the suction cups to stick for more than a couple hours.After reading five 5-star reviews for this mirror, I was pretty confident in my purchase, and that this would be the mirror that would work for me.  But, after trying and trying, I couldn't get it to stick on the window longer than a day.  I realized that my car's back window has defroster lines in it, which were possibly keeping the suction cup from working properly.  I wonder if that's why none of the mirrors I tried worked, but I can't be sure.I almost returned the mirror to amazon, and gave up hope, but when I realized it would cost me almost $6 to return it, I decided to keep it and try again.  I resorted to holding it on with packaging tape (ghetto, I know) but even that didn't work.  Finally, in desperation I Gorilla Glued it to the window, and now it stays put!So, Gorilla Glue gets 5-stars. ;)  I gave this mirror 4 stars because even though I was unhappy with the suction cup, to be fair, it isn't intended to be on windows with defroster lines, or to sit in a hot car all day.  The mirror itself is great.  I can clearly see my infant and the side of my forward facing toddler.  The mirror is a good size, and I can see very clearly into it.  It is well constructed, and obviously of high quality.To sum it up, if you're looking for a mirror to use as a baby view mirror you should either keep looking (I doubt you'll find anything that'll stick if you haven't already, though) or consider permanently attaching the mirror.  If you're willing to permanently attach a mirror though, then you could go ahead and buy a cheaper mirror and some Gorilla Glue.
I used this as an alternative to the wrap-around mirror to watch your kids in the back seat.  I didn't feel comfortable giving up the use of my rear-view mirror to get a better view of the kids.  This allows me to glance down a little to see what's going on in the back seat and then glance back up to check the road.  I love it!
I have used this mirror for one season. When placed on my windshield it stays in place. Make your adjustments before you adhere it to your windshield. I use it on my Bowrider center winshield and open or closed it stays in place.
I have a 192 cuddy boat that we normally use for skiing at the local lakes in AZ. I was always turning around to look out for other boats around or coming from behind while pulling the skiers, this mirror does the job! just pressed it against any clean flat nonporous surface and it will stay there for the rest of the day without any problems. It will come off by itself after several days of sitting at high temperatures, but that's pretty normal with just about anything else.
This mirror has stayed in place on my windshield all season and if placed in the center provides an excellent view of all riders. This placement requires me to close the walk through glass. The same mirror is sold by marine retailers at 2x the price.
The mirror is great. The suction cup works great too. But there is a piece that holds the mirror and suction that breaks so easily. Not even a real metal. Shank that connects the adjustment ball to the back of the mirror is pot metal. I agree with the other person (Mark Schoeppel) that gave this mirror 1 star. I tried to adjust it and align it. Yup! it snapped right off in half. TRUE! I regret buying this piece of ****! Don't buy. If you do, just be careful adjusting. Its neck will break.
I use it in my car. the custom mirror felt down like 5 times, the re attachment was getting pricy so decided to try this out in my car and I gotta say that I do not regret the decision AT ALL!
The product broke between the mirror and suction cup. They were good about sending a replacement immediately however that one broke also. The other 4 I still have seems to be in one piece so far but am scared to twist it to move it, as afraid it might break.The mirror image is good but super glue didn't work to hold it together.
As shipped the screws on the bearing are too tight.  I tried to swivel the mirror and it snapped quickly and easily, not even that much pressure.
We used this a baby mirror in our car. The suction cup worked great and the mirror had a really good picture. However, when we went to adjust it after having it for just a couple of days the rod that holds the mirror broke. We are in the process of returning it.:(
The Oklahoma part of my trip required a side-view mirror on the driver's side.I got out, and put it on my driver's side window as soon moment I crossed the border. It survived both ways, several hundred miles at constant highway speeds of around 60-70, even with bugs flying into it. (I thought the pitterpat of bugs at night was rain at first, there was so many) I even forgot it was there (or that it was attached to the window at least) and rolled down my window a few times, and it didn't fall off.I might have got a few laughs from other people on the road, but I'd rather not risk getting pulled over.Just make sure both surfaces are clean and a little moist before putting it on, and you should be good to go.
Great mirror if you have a small boat with limited windshield.  allow me to watch the skiers clearly.  would refere to a friend.  Large viewing area and able to store a plus.
I put it up on the window, tried to turn it, and it snapped.  Ie, the metal holding it all together is weaker than the suction.  The worst.
Looked all around town for something like this, but couldn't find what I was looking for.  Wanted a mirror to watch my downrigger and fishing gear while I drove the boat.  this is perfect - bigger than I expected, but that's even better.  Since I'll be using it while going slow, I'm not too concerned with the suction cup letting go.  Would recommend.
The thing doesn't  stay up no suction  put it on my ranger and falls off the next time I go to use it
Its great i got it for my dad for fathers day he loves it!!!!!
I purchased this mirror because it is a Cup Boat mirror. Having grown up water skiing, this was exactly what I needed to attach to the windshield in her car so that I can see everything behind us as we practice driving. You can find the child in the back seat mirrors at almost any car wash. This mirror for the money out shined itself. Perfect for drivers ed.
It appears to stick well to the boat window.  I haven't pulled anyone on the tube yet and haven't been on the rough waters with it yet either.  At the dock, it sticks and is the correct size and looks good
This item is not made for pontoon, but tried and was very disappointed with it the suction cup would not work any where you put it, it would fall right off. I would not recommend it to any one.
This CIPA model 11050 suction rear view ski mirror is OEM original equipment for a $29,000 Yamaha jet-boat model AR 210. Well in 50 words or less.. wont stick to windshield.suction cup too stiff even if left in sun to soften up still a no go! I tried to attach w every thing but crazy glue products and still no sucess. In fact while tryting to attach to my GPS mount the mounting swivel bar broke off. Not suprised since it made of soft poured lead.
Cheap POT Aluminum arm between the suction cup and the mirror broke when adjusting - I determined the cause; the ball and socket assembly that is supposed to be the swivel point was over-tightened and did not allow any movement so all my twisting did was bend (and break) the connecting arm.I think a stainless steel part would solve the issue best, but you could check the tightness of the ball and socket before adjusting and avoid breaking the arm as is.The suction cup is large silicone and should hold well, the mirror also is large and I beleive it would be a great product if they changed the connecting hardware between the two.
Just like a lot of other reviews the mounting bracket is very weak.  Mine was broken when I opened the box. I am going to try one more.  I will update the review when I get the new one and try it a while.UPDATE:  received new mirror and it has worked great.
I actually use this on my boat. It gives a wide range view (like a right side mirror) and allows me to see behind my boat whilelining up to dock.  Suction cup sticks very well.
Like others, I got this for my boat, and it's been working great (have used it several times). The mirror is adjustable to many different positions, and it seems pretty well constructed. I've read other reviews where they say it broke during install, but I didn't have any problems at all...maybe they got a bad one, but mine seems tough.The suction cup is great, and even stays on when going over big wakes with my boat which can be quite a jarring experience.The size of the mirror is just about right. Not too big or small. It doesn't seem to get in the way too bad when driving the boat. Also it gives you a pretty good view of what's going on behind you.Overall, I'm very pleased with this item because it works good and didn't cost much money at all. There are other mirrors out there that cost 5 times as much and don't seem to do much more than this one.
Wanted a mirror that i could be easily installed when needed and removed and stored on boat when not required, works great hope it lasts.
Please do not buy this product.  Within the first minute of use the metal holding the mirror to the suction pad broke.
Would give this no stars... The mirror adjustor was snapped out of package... Completely broken and unusable ? Would not recommend buying this product!
So far this has been great, we are using it in a 40 passenger church bus so the driver can see the passenger compartment.  We have had it in use for approximately 9 months and it still sticks and holds to the windshield great.  But, beware of making quick hand adjustments.  Some reviews warn of breaking the plastic and I can see that could easily happen.
Suction Mirror  on the first time and has been on for two months now and I adjust when sitting and standing driving boat. Everyone should have this for your boat.
I attached this to the windshield of my boat, twisted it every way possible, slid it around to different spots, removed and replaced it, attached it to the side/vent windows, and it held up like a champ.  The mirror is wide angle and easily shows the whole transom of my 7'+ beam boat.  Most lakes in Colorado require an observer, but I love having a rear view mirror in the boat...and this one does the job perfectly.Now, regarding all the bad reviews of this mirror, I've done a little investigation for you.  The vast majority of them are by people who have only reviewed one item...this item.  Then there's a couple who have only reviewed one or two other items.  I'm not saying they (ahem) work for a competitor, I'm just saying they don't have a reliable track record...or any track record.  Next, there's the incorrect applications...like an RV with an electric sunshade (insert head smack smiley here).  Finally, there are a couple who seem reliable and probably just got a lemon which, as we all know, can happen with any product.  Fortunately, this product is sold and shipped through Amazon, so returns/replacements are hassle free.I do this kind of background checking on all good and bad reviews of products I'm interested in, and I suggest you do too.  I'm very glad I did this time, otherwise I might have missed out on a product that works excellent.
The joint in the back came so tight, so when i move it it brokes! The size is great, it looks great materials, but now i have to put it in the trash, because the metal joint is broken.
The mirror is the right size for my needs - watching my rear view in a 22 foot boat. It is convex so it allows a wider view than a flat mirror would. The suction cup is large and sticks well to smooth surfaces. The texture of the rubber on the suction cup makes me cautious about leaving it in the sun or any exposure when not necessary; it may not be the best grade of material and I will protect it from the elements. A great deal for a reasonable price.
This CIPA 11050 Suction Cup Marine Mirror is as described, tight ball joint with screw tension adjustment and rubber boot covers the arm. Does not 'sound' like glass but it is supposed to be.  It works great as a front mounted mirror for forward facing car seat.  It's been mounted to a clean windshield for 4 or 5 days and has not come off even with high vibrations. So far I am very pleased.
First time using it, stuck it in the window and attempted to adjust it, and it snapped in half. Swing and a miss..will be returning.
This was an unexpected purchase that has been a God-send; I'm able to see my baby in the backseat and, best of all, she's able to see ME so that she's not scared.  It held on perfectly and doesn't obstruct my view
Bought this for my Ranger UTV. I am very pleased with it. Much better than I had hoped for. Nice big mirror with clear, distortion free view. This thing has stuck like glue to my windshield over some very rough trails and gravel roads. It doesn't vibrate as bad as some that have metal clamps holding them on. My windshield is 3/16" lexan and does not flex a lot. Some thinner windshields might cause it to vibrate more, but that is not the mirror's fault.The swivel head has the screws tightened at the factory and you should loosen them before you try to adjust the mirror or you WILL break it. I leave mine loose enough so that it can be adjusted for different drivers.I'm going to order a couple more for my boat and motorhome.
Suction cup works Great!  But the size is a little big for what I wanted.  Needed something to help me 'see' down adjoining roads in my work van.
It is very large, much larger than our car's rear view mirror. The bigger problem for us is that it is meant to allow us to see our son in the back seat but this make him smaller (because it is convex) so it is hard to see him in his rear facing car seat.
know matter what I did, it would not stick. I cleaned and cleaned and it would last about 2 minutes.gave up on it.
Cheaper off Amazon than in the local boating stores. The mirror works well for spotting wakeboarders while you're driving. The suction cup mount works well and avoids clamps which tend to scar or other mounts that might require permanent mounting holes. Recommended.
I bought this to use in my car as a big mirror to see my child, but it won't stick to the window long.  The suction design is not strong enough for the weight of this mirror, and it is heavy.
This is a good little mirror.  I bought it for my daughters boat and it seems to do the job just right
I bought this product to provide some "rear-view" access on my pontoon.  It provides excellent wide-angle view of boats behind.
I purchased both this mirror & the mirror that bolts on. This one is far better. The bolt-on just wouldn't stay on. The bolt-on portion of it was poorly designed This one, however, stayed suctioned to the glass even when we were towing the boat down a bumpy road! (We forgot to remove it.) So yes, it stayed on perfectly while we were on the water. Nice that you can place it where you want. It's a decent size. And it works great for being able to see behind you! I would recommend this one!
Thought this would be perfect for the boat when I saw it this winter.  Ordered and received with no issues.  Finally took it out of the package to put on the boat this weekend and it immediately broke.  The mounting is obviously just not durable.  The tension in the ball joint that has to be overcome to adjust the angle imparts enough force on the rod to break it.Since I waited to try it, I missed my window to return it.
Came quick and worked perfect. Bearing races weren't a very tight fit, but I guess its a universal trailer bearing kit, cant be perfect for everything!
The Bows are finally the solution to keeping debris and water off the boat cover. I've known about these for years. Finally, I ordered them and set them up. They make the cover easier to put on and take off and stopped the puddling.
This bow is not very rigid and always bends when I try to put my cover on a 20 ft bow rider.  The wood is way too flexible and will not support the weight of the cover.
This product is nothing more than some thing wood strips you can buy at any home improvement store for $2
I started using this on my 6-year old boat a year ago and am very pleased.  Just clean the boat, then spray it down with this and wipe.  It's like polishing without the hard work.  I have a 21' center console and use about 3/4 of the bottle each time.  I think they could drop the price a bit.
i was turned onto this product by my boat mechanic after i had taken it in with gummed up carburetor. i have been using it for 2 years now and i use it in my fuel for weedeaters and blowers to keep it from gumming up when stored for a while.  i don't buy gasohol without adding it to the tank.
You'll pay more for a much less effective terminal protector. If you think car and truck battery's terminals rust, try a boat. Work with all batteries not just marine.
Much needed tool for anyone that has a truck. Fits in any location and allows you to store equipment securely.
I have a 2007 Tacoma that I broke the tailgate on, so as a temporary repair I got a tailgate net and one of these bars to help prevent bed flex and also for when there was stuff in the bed. Ratchet mechanism took all of 30 seconds to figure out. Works fine install took maybe 1 minute, and it stays in place. Tightened down a bit and it was secure. The only reason for 4 stars was it does seem a little bit cheap in the material it's made out of but for the price it's great and hopefully it doesn't rust.
Good Cargo Bar.  Doesn't get excessively tight in my truck (thus the 4 stars).  Good construction, use it as a cargo separator under my tonneau cover.
This device works well, especially on narrower truck beds. The ratchet mechanism works better than the screw or collet designs. The ratcheting lever works exactly the same as those found on cargo straps. It is no more hazardous to fingers than any of the many tools that have pinching hazards. The ratchet increments are wide enough that you may need to test where along the the bed wall the bar can be most effectively tightened.
The cargo bar is great. It is of high quality and held my cargo in the bed of my truck from Colorado to Southern California.Bob
This looks like a high quality cargo bar, but on the 2nd use, the ratcheting function broke. It's useless now.
Great for my F-150 4x4, holds well off-road in tough terrain.  Just a wee bit tricky to learn to operate at first, blame instructions on one word, instead of saying "rotate" should say "pull over" for the lever, engage last black notch (so easy to miss), then adjust length to short or long quickly.  Instructions are too often written by professors of design engineering.  A bit of screwing around and you'll master it.  Of course once you know how to use it, does not mean others can, makes it difficult to quickly steal compare to others I've seen on friend's trucks.  When not in use, it fits behind my seat in the regular cab (unfortunately always stuffed) without stealing any space.  Cannot believe that there are actually some poor reviews.  Quality of manufacture is excellent, it's very strong and the mechanism operates smoothly.  I'm not really well off so I'm careful with my money.  Sometimes you can get more for less; so, if you want a for-real genuine bargin, don't waste money on more expensive ones that do exactly the same thing and just aren't any better, get this baby.  Use the savings for gasoline (this 65 yr. driver's curse).  Thanks Amazon! It was actually cheaper to purchase through USA & US Post & taxes than to buy the same one from a store in Canada.
Holds things inplace, and very easy to use. Seems to be built very well too.I would buy this again.
Bought this to use in the back of my Chevy Silverado.  The bar feels solid.  The ratcheting system appears solid, is easy to operate, and operates smoothly.  If I had to think of a weakness...if I was the designer of this tool, I would have tried to figure out a way to put the ratchet in the middle of the bar.  When you hold it up to crank it tight, the bar is awkward to hold because it is off balance.  So petty, I know.  I can't comment on how it stands up to weather, as my bed is covered.  Really, I couldn't ask for anything more, especially for the low price!  I may buy a second one.  One high, one low.  Highly recommend.
This was an early Fathers Day gift for my husband, and he couldn't be happier! Easy to use, love the ratchet instead of a twist and lock,held the load in the truck without shifting when we went camping (literally 40 miles of bad road), good pads on ends so truck bed is protected.The item was shipped and received as promised, good packaging. I highly recommend this Cargo Keeper Bar.
My husband ordered this to keep his ice chest from sliding in the back of his work truck (full-size Chevrolet). The product is cheaply made and would not stay locked in place on the desired adjustment. We returned the item and paid more for a better made product he found in a store.
This bar is easy to adjust and the ratcheting feature lets you tighten it down perfectly.  It works great on my Ford Ranger pickup.  I wish I had bought one of these for my truck years ago!  No more cargo rolling around in the truck's bed!
I would absolutely purchase again.  I bought a more expensive one and returned it.  I have a Ford F150.  Enjoy
I just received 2 ratcheting cargo bars and I am just as quickly returning them back to Amazon.  The product was literally "Made in Taiwan", need I say more?  It is flimsy when extended to fit a regular size truck bed (F-150 crew).  The ratcheting mechanism does not stay securely even when the ratchet is locked.  I would not trust this cargo bar for any cargo in my truck bed.  I was looking for a sturdy, quality made cargo restraint bar and this is not it.
I don't know how good this product will be on holding back heavy items, but it works well on garden flowers they all stead in place with this bar. very nice.
The &#34;feet&#34; on this bar slides off the truck bed sides and makes it worthless.When the ratchet is extended, the mechanism for that ends up out of arms reach when standing outside the truck.
The ratchet mechanism is right in the middle of the bar instead of off center. Guess where it ends up when you try to use it? In the middle of the bed. I am just about 6 feet tall and I can't reach the ratchet standing on the side of the truck. So, every time I want to use this I need to get in the back of the truck. Waste of time and money! If the mech was closer to one side this would be a great product!
I have been using it and it works very well.  I have a bed cover on and it makes it easier to carry stuff from the store without having the stuff slide forward.
I like these bars they are easy to use and stay in place, with the rubber encased feet the hold wherever you install them, they will extend to full width of bed or retract to between wheel wells. only had the for short time but I do like them.I would recommend them to a friend.the shipping time was less than expected. overall very happy with product and service.
I'm curious about how the folks who gave bad reviews are using this product.  I've been happy with it in my F350 crew cab.  I can see the "risk" of pinching is there but that's never been an issue for me.  At full extension needed for my bed, there's a little bend in the bar but it still holds firmly on my Rhino lined bed walls.  I suspect a slippery plastic bed wall would require more pressure to hold firmly and thus not work as well thus the comments of needing a finer ratchet to make that little bit more extension.No regrets from me on this purchase.
Perfect for my needs -- I was a little concerned by the "pinching" reviews, but I had no problems in that regards.Super value
This is the most worthless item I believe I have ever purchased from Amazon, or anywhere else in many years. I would have returned it, but it took me a month  before trying it out. You lock it in place and hit a bump with the truck and it slips back two or three teeth and drops to the bottom of the truck bed. Didn't look, but probably made in China or some other third world country to specs designed by someone with a GED.
Nice cargo bar for the price. Easy to use and racheting works good. Careful of those fingers as they can get smashed!
This expandable bar is intended to secure cargo in a pick-up truck bed.It,however,is a low cost,durable multi use product.I bought two of these and use them to support my slide-out on my Lance truck camper when extended.It expands to 70 inches where as other products costing twice as much do not have this range and capacity.Highly recommend this product.
I had a need for one of these one day and my brother-in-law said I could use his......that was all it took, I liked it so well I ordered two of them. His was a few years old, mine had a little better design improvement(racheting handle). If you have a pick up truck,this item is a must, they are extremely durable, and I like the fact that it really stretches out there.You will be impressed at the bracing strenght of one of these Keeper Cargo bars.
Ok, I was using a twist version of cargo bar that I did not like because it was a little cumbersome to put in. I thought this cargo bar would be easier to place in a lot let time.I hold my tool chess in place in the front of our truck bed. When I went to place this cargo bar, I could not get it tight using the ratchet at the end of the handle sweep. I found I had to rotate the handle about straight out, then give it one or two more clicks. It did slip once while I was adjusting last click. After placing in position I found it was not as sturdy as the rotating bar I was using, but went ahead and left the Ratcheting bar in place. After 200 miles of driving, bumpy roads, hills, ext.... it is still in place and working. I must note that I have a bed rug, and topper. So no slipping would occur so long as the ratchet holds. I would be on the fence to recommend this product. It will work, but not as tight as the turn stile.Update 05/22/13: OK been using for a while now, and find it is suffice to hold a good size tool box on wheels in place at the front of the box. No slipping or loosening has occurred in the 5,000 miles with this product. I would recommend this product, it does what it says, bounced to 4 star.
Pretty handy, It's not very sturdy. You can tell by the feel and weight that it's cheap, but it does what it's suppose to.. It's great for short trips where you don't want something sliding around too much.
This neat little device  works great to secure load while in the back of PU trucks.  I even use it to secure a line of grocery bags on the ride home from the market.  The only thing I find a little difficult is releasing it from the secured position.  It's a bit tricky to get used too.
will not get tight enough to hold, I ratchet down as far as i can and it still will not hole very good.
Easy to install, has worked well so far. It fit my pick-up very well and I would recommend this product. In my opinion a good value as well.
i tok this item to my SUV, its defict the plastic internal.i geass its good for truck only because its metel internal.
I received it fast, works as advertised...good  quality....a good value for the cost.,.would recommend it to friends  it is  great
Great item , best one I have ever used. Very high quality item . I have had no problems with it. Stays in place very well.
Cargo bar will not tighten tight enough to hold its self up let alone holding cargo.Ratchet unit slips when you put a load on it. Won't work for what I had in mind for it.I might be able to find something it will work with
Just what I was looking for.  I wanted a strong ratchet type bar and this is exactly it.  Would buy again!
It works well on my '07 Tacoma. It is easy to use and stays in place without damage. The price is right too.
...for sure!  I used to have one of these bars that had to be twisted to make do.  It was okay, but cumbersome.  This is much better.  With just a bit of experimenting, I got the hang of it - installing and uninstalling - quickly.  So far, no "pinches", either; perhaps I was forewarned by the misadventures of others, but I'm nevertheless cautious!  It grips tightly, and doesn't slip; it packs up to a small, manageable size; what's not to like?  BTW, I'm using this to hold up the folded rear seat of our '13 2-Dr Jeep Wrangler.  For whatever reason, MOPAR did not provide a latch of any sort to hold the back seat up, out of the way, when folded.  The result was an incessant flopping back and forth - totally unacceptable.  This solved the problem immediately, and at reasonable cost.  I saw a strap advertised for the same purpose, but couldn't figure how - or to what - it might attach.  This, to quote a phrase, is "more better"!
This bar is pretty flimsy and difficult to release it will not hold anything stable that has any weight to it .
This product is trash. it might work in a mini truck to keep shopping bags in place but thats about it. I have a full size truck and when the bar is extended to fit the truck bed it is flimzy and weak the ratchet is also a weak point. the bar would never hold back any type of weight in a full size truck.
I bought this for a trip this past summer to keep things from moving in the back of the pickup and worked great.  I should've had one these years ago.  Keeps items from moving around and holds them steady.  I would recommend.
This is great. I have a screw type one and it is a pain. This one works great every time. Keeps my load in place. It has not failed me yet.
Performs exactly as expected. My only suggestion is to modify it to keep it from rattling. The bar rattles some while traveling at higher speeds. The rattling comes from the center of the bar where the ratchet is as the bar has some &#34;give and take&#34; where one slides into the other. I would imagine engineers could insert some plastic or matting inside the sleeve as cushioning to prevent the rattling, but maybe this is asking too much for a cargo bar. I may devise a way myself to rid the rattling. This is only a minor issue and it still is a great product.
I bought this item to keep things from rattling around in the back of my F350.  The ratcheting mechanism slips when it is torqued enough to stay in place.  I would recommend trying a different cargo bar.
I have been using this for almost a year now and it works great.  It is really easy to adjust and move around.  Never had a problem with it slipping or not unlocking or anything.  I am happy with my purchase for sure.  It fits my 6.5' F150 truck bed perfectly.
Don't understand some other reviews stating problem with catching fingers in ratchet.  This thing is heavy duty and works excellent .  I quests your fingers could get caught if you were not paying attention, but you could get hit by a bus for the same reason.  If you want a quality, heavy duty cargo bar at a good price, this is it.
The KargoBar does exactly what I wanted. It secures loads in the bed of my Toyota truck (with plastic bedliner.) It is easy to use and I had no problem setting it up the first time I needed it. Also the finish seems to be good quality.
I've had several different types of cargo retaining mechanisms, but this one works. Once secured in place it stays there. Easy to place in the truck and easy to remove. I'd buy it again. Outstanding price.
Just made the move to a pick up truck from a more car like vehicle and was having a bit of trouble getting the groceries home. LOL. Stuff sliding all over the place and getting difficult to get out. Someone recommended a cargo bar and I bought this one. It was very easy to install (old lady here) and it works very nicely. Even held steady my load of bags of soil from the depot Glad to have it...now I need a topper!
Arrived as promissed and in good condition, performs as advertised and fits my need as was hoped for. A good buy for the moned, strong, adjusts easy aand seem of good quality.
If you are looking for a heavy duty piece of equipment...keep looking. BUT, if you are looking for something practical, lightweight and simple this may be a good choice. Perfect for keeping stuff from sliding around the bed of a truck during normal driving.
This item was horrible.  It was unable to stay in the locked position even with no stress being placed on it.  The locking mechanism simply would not hold.  I tried to install it in several locations and it would just pop off.  The device is not worth it.  Thank goodness for the Amazon return policy.  You would be better off avoiding the purchase of this piece of junk.
My Ranger has one of those useless and unattractive narrow beds.  These cargo bars fit it perfectly - no complaints with the quality or operation after a winter of holding cargo.
The ratchet on the tightening mechanism is too coarse (needs to be finer) and consequently, in order to tighten it beyond initial contact you stand the chance of bending the sheet metal in the side walls.Other than that, it works perfectly.............
This is a must have for pickup truck owners.  The bar is easy to adjust and with the rubber feet stays firmly in place.  The ratchet part is very well made.  You can secure this and know for sure that your cargo is not moving.  Have had no problems at all.....
This product works very well and stores behind the seat of my Chevy Colorado pickup. It provides a sturdy anchor for my cargo bed contents and will hold a mower right where you want it.
They work just as described. Very useful and dependable.I am very pleased with them, and I recommend them highly.
Worked well in my truck bed with bedliner and camper shell.
If you are like me, I just through items in the back of my truck and hope they are still there wherever I'm going.  But with this Ratchet Cargo Bar, I can still through things, but I can now through them in the right place.  Great Product and seller. A+++++++++++++
Been a great cargo bar, I use it for holding plastic bins in place in the bed of my truck and so far it has worked great and has never budged unless I have removed it intentionally
I often travel with a slide in camper on my pickup and when at a campground, take the camper off.  That leaves me without a tailgate.  I use two of these to surround anything I place in the pickup bed to keep stuff from sliding out of the pickup.
Had this a long time now, catching up on Amazon reviewing, no loosening up of ratchet over time, does just what you would want it to.
Could only achieve tension to hold bar in place in certain spots..Back in the box and the return process started within 15 min of receiving it
I had to return one already because it broke.  Lets hope this second one lives up to it's potential.  Great for keeping the ice chest at the back of the truck.  Keeps it from sliding around and breaking my fishing rods :-)
definitely worth the price.  just need to learn to use it efficiently in the beginning and it works great !  recommend it for the price, does the job but takes just a bit to learn the ropes with the little ratchet release.
I bought this cargo bar in a hurry to keep our coolers and gas cans in place during our 800 mile death valley off road adventure. Just as I expected it held in place the entire trip and it got abused. Lots of bumps and jumps and still works like a champ. I would highly recommend this to anybody.
work great
This seems to work fine so far.  I haven't had any problems with it, but it's a little difficult to get it to release some times.
I`ve owned cargo bars in the past but they were threaded and difficult to extend constently. This is  the first ratcheting cargo bar that I have had and I recomend it highly very easy to adjust and the ratchet action makes it very easy to use.
It's a little bit on the flimsy side, but I does section your truck bed out to help keep your groceries from not rolling around back there. I wouldn't really use it to support anything heavy but to keep stuff from rolling around, it's great!.
I received the cargo bar and installed on my truck.I was disappointed in the bar diameter and overall durability.I would recommend you keep looking for a sturdier cargo bar.I prefer those used on semi's as they can handle more weight.
What can I say just a perfect design works excellent. The quality is there,  and the ratchet works very well.
Fit great into my S10 and secures very well using the ratchet mechanism.
It fits fine on my 2012 Toyota Tacoma Access Cab.  I bought this and the stabilizer bar to keep my cooler(s) from trashing my truck bed.So EZ even a cavemen can use it!Ok, he might have a few cuts while trying!!
It is a tow strap. It works as a tow strap should. Pulled a K5 blazer out of mud over the wheels without a problem.
Great recovery strap at a great price. Seems to be a little stiffer, not as much stretch, as my previous strap that someone borrowed but never returned but it gets the job done. I haven&#34;t put it to a really serious test yet but it worked good the one time I used it.
Bought this as a gift for my brother-in-law.  He loves it and says it will hold a lot of weight and help when his vehicle gets stuck.
I used to have a nice Smittybilt strap, but that one broke due to my brother in law wrapping it incorrectly on a root.This strap seems to compare quite nicely to that one, although it is a smaller version that handles about 1/3 less (what would I need to tow that's 15k lbs, anyways??).It seems to be of similar quality to the pricier Smittybilt, which was a nice strap. It feels like it'll work quite nicely.I'll be sure to update the review when I do test it out, but for now, I'll throw 4 stars at it.
I have used this strap to pull out shrubs and other stuck trucks. Its far better than a chain because you get the benefit of the slight stretch and snap of the nylon. Cant go wrong with this strap
Excellent strap for recovery.  I have used this to remove 25+ vehicles from the Padre Island beach sands.  No problem yanking anything from a car to a full size truck/SUV.
Used this a couple of trips on my first outing, and of course it worked perfectly. I ordered this one for my 2011 Nissan Frontier, so I knew it wouldn't fail me. I hope to have many years of use of this!
My 1972 ShoreLander boat trailer was always leaking wheel grease on the inside of the hub. I installed new grease seals and they lasted about two weeks. I discovered the axle, where the grease seals contacted the seal, was rough and was destroying the grease seals each time I moved the trailer. The only fix I could think of was to replace the axle. A very costly repair. While searching Google, I read a forum where a person mentioned the Bearing Buddy Spindle Seal.They are very inexpensive, easy to install and they work great!the kit supplies a brand new stainless steel surface for the included grease seal to ride on. Great idea.
The spindle seal kit is a great fix for a damaged seal surface.  If after the kit is installed and with nut in place, you may find it hard to get the cotter pin in.  If this is the case you can buy a thinner nut or have the existing nut machined down, it doesn't take much to give the cotter pin some added space.  You can also install a thinner washer.
didn't work. makes the hub sit out 2mm more than with regular seal that is normally used.when installed, you can't get the cotter pin into the nut at the end of the spindle. had to crank nut on super tight and use an unfolded single pin to make it fit in the nut and hole. when used, the hub got abnormally hot from the too tight bearings and i had to pull these out. junk, bad design, had to pull these seals plus the spacers out and use the regular seal included with the replacement bearings i was using. a complete waste to money, time and effort. good luck.
I bought the Bearing Buddy Spindle Seal Kit because I had a serious grease leak on one of my kayak trailer's wheel bearing seals.  The trailer's wheel spindle had a rough surface caused by a poor welding job.  The installation was pretty simple.  I did have to file the slots in the castle nut a little deeper so the cotter pin would fit, but that was easy and simple.  The Bearing Buddy Spindle Seal completely solved the grease leak on my boat trailer's wheel bearing.  This is a good product.  Thumbs up!!!
Does the job reliably, accurately, and clearly with a tiny footprint. Ideal for my Palmers Stabilizer.
I bought this generator on amazon.com when I received it the 120volt GFCI recep. would not reset. The nearest service center was 35 miles away and shipping back would cost a lot. To get replaced at the service center would have cost me for gas and time so I replaced it my self for $12.00.(Electrican 35 years) Still a great deal. I paid $691.00 for the gen. including shipping. Very happy with it. Idle control works great.
For the money its the highest quality generator I could find anywhere.  Honda engine runs smoothly and starts on first pull every time.  Highly recommended.
I have owned this 3500W Porter Cable unit for 6 years.I bought it to use with my large camping trailer.It is an excellent piece of equipment, at a good price,( $699 ) and it easily provides the rated output.The advertised noise level is 70.3Dba, and it seems at least that loud.The noise level when on idle control is very acceptable though.This is not a particularly good unit to use around other campers. They will be unhappy about the noise.For jobsite use, or emergency backup, this is an excellent machine!For camping, a super quiet series Honda, or similar Yamaha, would be a better idea!I now also have a Yamaha YG2800i (generator inverter unit), and at 60Dba (low idle) to 67Dba (rated load) it is a wonderfully quiet machine. You will pay plenty more for the Yamaha, ( or for a Honda ), but for your money you will get pure sine wave power, and GREATLY reduced noise!
I use it on the leather seats of my 19-year-old BMW to keep them as supple as possible. Nothing else comes close (although Meguiar's foaming leather cleaner is a good companion product) for doing what it does:1. Mink oil used to be good, but several years ago the most-available formula changed and now's it's little more than a petroleum-based, stinky can of greasy stuff.2. Doesn't have to be any particular temperature to use it--it's always liquidy.3. Goes into the leather easily and absorbs quicker than most other products (important for seats!), and has a mild, appropriate-for-leather scent.4. Doesn't need to be buffed or rubbed off later.5. Leaves a nice medium shine (not glossy and not dull--you can see the difference; the cloth you use will most likely have some dirt on it when you're done)!Make sure you use a clean, soft terrycloth towel to apply it and remember that a little dab'll do ya--different leathers have different thirsts and this stuff lasts a long time.
Received the product in a timely manner and it worked as it was supposed to.
Keeps all of my workshoes (have 3 pairs) & leather gloves pliable & waterproof.  Love it.  Makes my working in stone a better experience since my shoes & particularly my gloves do not wear out near as fast.
I had purchased this for my sister who works as a chemical reactor operator. After researching the product and reading reviews, I convinced her to try it because the Mink Oil treatments she was using on her boots did not last more than a day or help waterproof her leather. She had bought a brand new pair of steel toes from red Wing and when wet, they drew up and became too tight.After using Fiebing's just one time, she was absolutely thrilled by the results (which says something in itself, because she's very hard to please). Her boots were more resistant to water, but more importantly, she said her leather remains pliable and her new boots actually loosened up better than when she took them back to red wing to have them stretched. She's sold on the product now and loves the results she achieves each time she treats her boots. She agree's the liquid can be messy, but the results are phenomenal!She also used them on an older pair and said that it restored them beyond expectation and they're like new again. I would strongly recommend this product to anyone who wants or needs their leather to maintain exceptional condition and extend the lifetime of wear or bring life to old worn leather..
This stuff's great and it's a good size container for my general household uses. We used to have it around but the place that sold it went out of business. So this was great for me to find it available on amazon.It can't actually restore for the most part but it can do a good job if older leather isn't too far gone. I use it all the time, it's added years to leather things, shoes, belts, and the like, that I own. Really handy, great for keeping leather products in good shape.
This is the best oil for your boots. It waterproofs and protect the leather. I have used it for years.
If anyone out there is interested I would just like to highly recommend the Fiebing's brand kneatsfoot oil. Although I do not own horses, so there is no need for myself to use it on tack I do however apply regularly to all my assorted leather products. Shoes, boots, leather coat, knife sheaths, and rifle slings.  I have used other brands of kneatsfoot oil namely camp dry, and always found it to work adequetly, but the local Wal Mart stopped carrying it and I was forced to seek other venues. Now that I have used the Fiebing's brand I see now what I was missing.So in closing just allow me to say that I don't know what's so different about this brand, but my Doc's and my coat have never looked so well moisturized.Thank you, and have a nice day.
Hey, I gave this one only five stars because there aren't six. So, what's a neat? Well, its an archaic English word for a cow, bull, ox, calf, heifer, steer anything that goes moo. Yes, and somehow or other they make oil out them. I don't know how or even care. What I do know is that this is about the best thing there is to put on leather if you want to keep it soft, pliable, water repellent, or whatever it is that leather is supposed to be...  and makes it smell like leather too. I know this from personal experience. Whatever is better has yet to be discovered. There are other things, of course, that are supposed to do these things and some kind of do too. None of them do it as well as neatsfoot oil - not even close. This is the real McCoy boys and girls. Yeah, it's expensive, but how much did you pay for that leather jacket? How much did you pay for that Brooks bicycle seat? Plenty, that's how much. Neatsfoot oil will keep it looking like new...  better than new! You can find neatsfoot compound in many stores. It's a mixture of a small amount of neatsfoot oil and petroleum based oils - NOT the real thing. Don't take my word for it; ask a cowboy who makes his living from a saddle, ask him what he uses on that saddle. Squeaky shoes - oil 'em up. Sad looking motorcycle jacket - oil it up. Worn out looking belt - oil it up. Anything leather - oil it up! Caution: will darken light colored leather; I don't care - OIL IT UP! Fiebing's is the only brand I know of that offers real, 100% neatsfoot oil. What else can I say?
My husband ordered this to use on our pontoon. It went on very easily, he used a power buffer to remove it. Our boat looks like new.
This stuff was all dried out when received.  Could not use it.It may work, not my can.  Not worth the effort to return.  Garbage.
I've been using this product for many years.It's easy to apply and polishVehicule surface as to be cleaned beforeLong lasting finish!!
Don't let the name brand fool you into thinking that you are paying too much for a top name brand.  If you value your arms elbows and wrists (and your friends who are helping you wax your boat) you need to use this rather than make the huge mistake of using cheaper wax that takes an orangutan to remove.  This stuff goes on easier than a duck on a peanut and comes off easier than peanut on a duck.  You will feel like Mr Miyagi... wax on...wax off.  The shine is great and it's easier to apply and finish than any other wax I tried.  What use to take hours now takes ... uh, fewer hours. Cause it's still waxing a boat, so lets just say it makes a big suck a much littler suck.
Have been using this product for years. It will last for a year. It is a little work in applying and removing,BUT WELL WORTH THE EFFORD
This is the Best Wax for Gel coats I have ever used My 2008 RV looks like it Just came out of the Paint booth .I would Highly Recommend this product to any one Who has a Boat or RV
Tough going on, tough getting off. Needs a mechanical buffer.  Lasts full season easily on topsides; sun direct areas may need reapplication.  I think it is the best boat wax I have ever used, certainly worth the money and effort.  The 3M car wax is equally good.
This product was used to wax the hull and topside gelcoat surfaces of my 27' sailboat prior to placing the boat in the water this Spring.  The wax went on very easily and buffed off just as easily.  It left a nice even high gloss finish, which is suppose to be long lasting.  Time will tell on this last part.
This is the best wax I've ever used. The results will absolutely blow you away, and it'll stay that way for quite a while (much longer than other, especially liquid, waxes).Pros:It waxes on and off pretty wellIncredible shine that'll protect from UV damageIt smells like coconut :DWorks great on both colored and white fiberglassCons:It doesn't apply as easily as liquid waxes, atleast in my opinionIt's expensiveOverall, a great product. I definitely recommend it, my second can!Just one suggestion, you may need to pretreat the surface before you apply this wax to get best results. Of course, clean the area. But you may also need to use a wax/cleaner (liquid wax) to get the chalkiness off the fiberglass, especially if the boat has been left in the sun for a while.Also, I had to use rubbing compound to get some really intense water spots off the colored areas of the fiberglass. Doing this isn't really necessary, but the results will show.
this product is great, it allows me to put only 2 holes in my transom. Now I can replace any transom mounted hardware as much as I want without any further holes in my transom. I caulked the holes and the edges of the plate to ensure that my transom would remain dry and it also make the plate solid as a rock!
Got what I was looking for.  Should work just fine.  One word of caution, it is "gray"!  Had seen other white ones, and assumed it was white.  Fortunately it mounts, on my white boat, under-neath the transom step.
Great product.  I saw this recommended on a fishing show.  I use one of these in any location that I can when I have to drill the fiberglass on my boat.  I cut them in two and they are still plenty large.
Worked like it says, easy to install.  Now I can move stuff without drilling holes in my hull. Easy to shape if you need to.
This is the only way to go if you are mounting multiple transducers or need to tweak the mounting location of a single transducer.If you are like me and hate to drill holes in the boat's transom, this is for you.  Simply drill two holes and you can then mount multiple accessories without ever drilling another hole in your boat!I also like the ease with which this plate can be modified to fit your application.  It is easily shaped with sandpaper, a file, Dremel tool, etc. to suit any boater's needs.
Installed and am happy with the function. Cuts easily with woodworking tools for a custom fit. Bandsaw for the inital cut and then a pass with a router finishes great.
Believe me, check to see that you have a water tight transom and do anything you can to keep water out.  My transom leaked through  the U-bolt holes installed by the factory, I never checked them until I noticed a little brown water in the floor below them, too late.  The plywood inside the fiberglass was nothing more than toothpicks and repairs ran almost $3000.  Put one of these boards on and seal it with 3M permanent sealer (below the water line)  and you can change transducers and  other outboard sensors without  going into the transom.
I used these on my new Skeeter after viewing a DVD on boat set-up.  I try to use these anywhere I need to drill the fiberglass. It is nice to drill into the transducer plate rather than your expensive boat.  I have already had to move a transducer.  I cut the 18 in plates in two for the transducers and they were plenty large enough, at 9 inches, for any mounting issues.
We went with this model because of its size and it being slightly lighter in weight. It was very easy to assemble but I don't think we'd trust it with 500lbs. Oh and it measured 60" x 19.5" OD.  We certainly recommend this hitch rack to friends but I'll give it 4 stars rating because if its 500lb rating.  That much seems a bit over the top!!
Really a good carrier.It is sturdy and I have put it to many tests since I bought it. And it holds quite a bit with No problem with the weight either.
After looking at other hitches, I decided to go with an aluminum unit. Since I'm up there in years, I felt the steel carriers might be a little heavy to jockey into position. Very pleased with the ease of assembly and quality.
Base comes in two  pieces and all conecting hardware is steel. Not a good choice. I sent mine back after openning and reviewing the components. Amazon was great in te return and account credit.
I decided to pay a little more for this lighter-weight aluminum carrier.  I wanted a unit that I could easily install on my SUV by myself.  This unit fits the bill quite nicely.  It's 28 pounds light and very well made.  It is also easy to assemble.  The primary strength members are steel but the frame and mesh floor are aluminum.  It has the same 500 lb. carrying capacity as the all-steel units.I should relate also that when the unit arrived, it was missing a part.  I contacted Masterbuilt and their customer support was terrific.  The part was on its way the next morning.  All-in-all, I am very happy with this unit and expect to use it for many years.
This product is  misrepresented in it's discription. Instead of a 32&#34; by 21&#34; by 3.5 &#34; ,I recieved a 60&#34; by 21&#34; one in length and had to return it to you.
I've had &#34;hitch haulers&#34; in the past that were solid steel and very heavy. I tried this because it is aluminum and much lighter. It is too flimsy and only for very very light use. I can't return it because I already assembled it and tried it. Wasted time and money.
I bought this to replace my heavy steel cargo carrier which was getting to be too heavy at my age.  I love the aluminum model.  It works just fine and light as the proverbial feather.  Hitch Haul is a great brand, very well made and sturdy for its weight.
I love this hitch- haul.  Had the heavy steel one for my jeep several years ago and it was very hard to handle.  The aluminum one is very easy to handle and put on.  It haul anything you need it to haul.
The aluminum hitch haul will carry anything that you sensibly want to have hanging off the back of your hitch.  Think twice about putting a lot of weight on it as you would want most of your weight over wheels for driving control, especially for bumpy or longer distances.Now how about customizing this jewel.  Unlike the steel version you can pick it up and install it by yourself, but to make it easier I put some Razor scooter wheels on one end to make it easy to drag it to my hotel room at nite with the bag on it.And I put some reflectors on the outside ends to prevent anyone from using the "I didn't see it" excuse.  Tie downs are easy to use, but the bags that are made for them are the best.  This one is the largest, 60" long.  I've used it for bringing home trees, plants, dirt and mulch, and taken large amounts of stuff on long trips so more people can go inside and spread out.  It is easier to pack than the insides too.Get one now.
I purchased this carrier for hunting season and took a good-sized doe to the processing shop using it on opening day. Very easy to install, no problems fitting into my Jeep's receiver (by myself), and very sturdy. For those complaining that it is flimsy... what exactly are you planning on loading?! I also placed reflectors on the sides for safety ;) Will definitely purchase/recommend!
Love this carrier almost as much as my Jeep.  With a trunk "big enough to fit a pair of socks, if you fold them right", I needed room to haul coolers and gear this summer.  After reading about problems with clearances and overheated cargo, I was cautious.  For my maiden voyage, I loaded a case of water closest to the tailpipe in case anything happened.  No problems, not even warm.  I purchased the aluminum version because of the lighter weight, I wanted to be able to handle it by myself.  With the carried empty, I can easily swing open the tailgate.  I can even stand between the carrier and back bumper if I need to reach back into the trunk.  A couple recommendations: Buy a locking hitch pin (it doesn't come with one), buy the heavier duty cargo net, and place the carrier upside down in your trailer hitch to easily tighten all the bolts.  Opportunity for improvement: reflectors, better finish on silver painted (steel) parts.  But don't get me wrong, the overall look is quality.
Beware. A 1-1/4 inch to 2 inch adapter does not fit this carrier platform. It is just barely off due to a rim of excess metal both on the carrier and the adapter. No amount of hammering, grinding, filing, and sweating will fix the problem. I now have a giant, heavy, piece of junk that I am just going to have to throw out after trying to get it on my vehicle for THREE HOURS. Would recommend buying this in store only after you make sure that all pieces fit together. Would not buy over internet sight unseen lest you suffer my fate.
It works perfectly, it was easy to put together and the price was unbeatable.On the neg side I noticed that there is some play in the hitch connector, so it tends to jump and make some noise when not fully loaded, but I found a work around with some sheet metal inserts. I would buy it again and recommend it to my friends.
This is a basic hitch mounted cargo carrier. It comes in a box with the parts wedged in rather than secured together so make sure you check for shipping damage and lost parts. It takes about 15-30 minutes to put together based on your skill. You will need a 17mm wrench/socket or an adjustable wrench to complete assembly. One thing I did have problems with, is the bolt that is in the rear-center. it drags on my inclined driveway and on some speed bumps.Pros: Effective, solid and cheap!Cons: Rear of hitch is too low for any kind of inclines. I am going to grind off the inch below the bolt for now.Cheers!
This is the second one of these I have boughten. I use it on my face shield and bubble. The first one lasted for 30 years.
I've used this product on several convertibles over the years and it always works great. First off, if your plastic convertible windows are all oxidized and scratched... its not going to save or resurrect the dead... However, if the window is in decent shape, scratched, and dirty with a film on it... This product will clean it to a beautiful shiny and clear window... Not like brand new, granted, but it will take a window that looks like it might need replacing to one that actually looks good enough to keep.  Meguiar's has a few other products in this family that can help with your more damaged plastic windows that you'd then use this product to maintain the window with.
The product is advertised as "Clear Plastic Clean/Polish" which I wanted, but the picture of the product is "Clear Plastic Detailer," which I didn't want. "Clear Plastic Detailer" is what showed up. Waste of 11-bucks...
love the product. does a good job. not much else to say about the cleaner. it's a quality product. d
Meguiar's #18 is an excellent product.  I use it on my airplane and motorcycle windshields.  If there is a tough spot, use #10 first...  And, if you have plastic covers on headlights...  try it there, also.  And no, I am not a salesman.  I just love the product!
I had smudges and dust on the plastic that covers the speed gauge.  In the past, I have used other cleaners that have left small scratches in the plastic.  I have used this product on both my wife's and my car and so far, knock on wood, there are no scratches in the plastic.  Great product.  I highly recommend.
I like this better than the polish, which is goopy and for more occasional use. This clear stuff goes on and wipes off easily. I use it after every flight.
Tried this on my kids car navigation screen that was severely marred.  This detailer had to use it a few times but it totally cleared the screen up.
nothing works better on Mastercraft Teak platform!!
This teak oil is a good price and does its job on teak furniture. Bottle is small, but just enough for an 8 seat picnic table
Great enhancement and protection for the patio furniture.  And the smell is not overpowering when applying it to the wood.
I purchased this product in order to properly seal and protect a new Teak bathroom/shower bench.the product itself works great and I am very satisfied with the results.  however the process takes several days and you need sunshine in order for the wooden object that you're protecting can sit in the sun while the oils penetrate the wood... not always easy to get three straight days of sun if its not summer....so logistically it was kind of a pain, but the overall results are SUPERB and I would do it again (in fact I WILL do it again).The product also doubles as a cleaner and conditioner, so when my teak wood products need to be maintained, I will use it again for those purposes.overall, I would recommend this product, but I'm curious to know if there are any products out there that are AS good and that involve less of a hassle to apply....
Did I miss something in the product specs? Nope, there weren't any. I thought I was buying teak oil, not finish. This may be good protection for outdoor furniture but  is too sticky for indoor furniture. Has a strong smell from the additives.
Meguiar's Gold Teak Oil really made my beat up outdoor table look like new.  I put on one coat so far and it looks like new.  It takes 3 coats the bottle says, but it looks jut great!  I'm going to keep a bottle in my cupboard at all times!!
Not only does it soak lustily into teak, oak and pine drink it up and glow as well.  I have used this on every wood in my home.  Just phenominal stuff!!!  Do yourself a favor and get a few of them, don't bother just getting one as you will be buying more.
I searched around for Teak Oil that could be purchased online and this was the best product and the best price.  We have a teak outdoor patio set and although this product is for marine use, I knew it was qualified for the job.
Made the outdoor furniture look great. I used about 1/4 of the bottle for a 6ft rectangle table and Six chairs.
I was very disappointed at the quality of this oil.  It comes in a smaller bottle than what you purchase at the local hardware store, so although it is priced less, it is not such a good deal.  The oil is thinner than anything I have seen before, so it goes on easy, but it does not last on the the furniture, and therefore, does not protect it from the elements, not even short term.  I needed to reapply it each week!  I finally gave in, bought the more expensive, local hardware store Teak Oil, and am happy with the once-a-month touch-up maintenance that it requires.  Don't waste your money thinking you will save on this Teak Oil.  It is not good quality and will cost you more time and work in the long run.
I purchased two chaise lounge chairs made of eucalyptus wood.  I live in Florida where the sun is hot and constant.  The Gold Teak oil has done a great job in preserving this wood.  No fading.  I will also re-apply at the end of the season, but I love the performance to-date.
TOO light. Dries up and does not last when you need it...on the water. Cheap oil would not buy again.
After I bought it online I found my local store has it too and I could have saved myself the shipping.  Oh well, the oil does what it is supposed to do and seems to be a good product. We oiled a shower stool and it is holding up to the water just fine.
Works really well and last for quite ahwile.  We use it on a Teak shower seat and it works great.
This product is great. I applied it to my teak chase lounges after the hard Maryland winter.  They look beautiful. I applied Oil with a paint brush and it was well absorbed. One bottle was enough for 2 large chairs and a small table. I applied a second coat the next day and used most of the second bottle.  After 24 hours I rubbed a, tiny tiny bit of oil residue from the furniture.  All ready for my cushions!
We rubbed this on our new teak dining set and our eyes could have popped out!  Brings out the real beauty.  I ordered more just so I can have it around for another coat or for other wood pieces.  This product is great.
Our whole house is cedar.  The interior has beautiful cedar trim & cabinentry, the kitchen has very nice oak cabinets & trim.  Our furniture is mostly expensive wood construction and even some of our patio furniture is eucalyptus.  We use this product for ALL of our wood. I'm an old sailor and wouldn't hesitate to use this on teak decks and rails. If you want your wood to look it's best and last 10x longer, buy and use this.  Great stuff!
Thought I would give this Meguiar's Teak Oil a try as it was one of the most reasonably priced oils on the market. I've used Meguiar's automotive products for years and have always been satisfied with the results. Their teak oil is no exception; a good product at a reasonable price. I will most likely purchase this product again.
Needs to be reapplied very often. Looks good for a few days and then fades again. I will try something different/more expensive next time.
Awesome appearance to Teak furniture and easy to apply with a disposable rag.  I use a foam brush, dipped in a jar of the oil, to get in between the slats of the teak furniture and into the hard to reach corners.Expect to spend 40 minutes per chair (it's time consuming) and more than one bottle for the set I got.  A second coating was required because my furniture was thirstyNew 9 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set - 94" Rectangle Table and 8 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model:ABb]I applied spar varnish (urethane) from Home Depot for the table and it looks pretty awesome.  Make sure if you do a piece of furniture in spar varnish that you do the whole piece, otherwise you'll get deformation / cracking as some sections get moisture and others don't (fortunately learned that through reading, not first hand experience).
Used this product on my son's swim platform on the back of his Master Craft. I was very satisfied with the results.  I don't think you'll find a better price anywhere.
very quick at my dor step. top quality name brand for 1/3 price. No brainer. and it works well with my new lounge chairs
This Teak Oil rub enriched the look of the wood patio furniture I purchased on Amazon.  Soaks in well and doesn't bleed back into the cushions although I waited 24 hours before I placed the cushions.  Good value.
We have lovely teak furniture from Scandinavia.  This oil makes it literally come alive!  Easy to apply, you can use it on the most intricate chair (unlike a spray).  I have not found any stores that carry it in my area.  Thank goodness for Amazon.com!!!!
we have a shower stool in the guest bath. This stuff keeps it looking like new. As costly as teak items are it is worth keeping it oiled.
Smells great and really keeps your wood looking great. Highly recommend on any wood decor.,  furniture.,  and baskets. Priced very reasonably.
I use this on an outdoor table and chairs. I apply it when I get my furniture out of storage in the spring and again before packing it up in the fall, plus once or twice during the summertime.This is not a paint or varnish that only needs to be used once. It is oil that the wood absorbs. eventually the wood will start to dry out and you'll have to re-apply the oil again to keep up the wood's finish, otherwise the wood will start to weather faster.This bottle lasted me two years for one small table and two chairs. How long it lasts and how often you apply the oil will depend on the conditions you furniture is exposed to and how 'new' you want to keep your furniture looking.
NICE ON MY ANTIQUE JAPANESE FURNITURE WHEN IT WOTKS WELL AND  A CLEN BEAUTIFUL GLOWONCE A MOUNTH IS FINE WITH A NICE SOFT CLOTH
Easy to use, and it leaves the teak looking awsome. I just put it on a lint free cloth, and let it do it's work. I did the application this weekend, and it still looks good today.
I can't tell how grateful I am for this product. My husband and I received a beautiful mid-century teak table as a housewarming gift. Unfortunately, while juggling groceries and laundry, I spilled a puddle of stain remover (Shout) on it, which sat for about 10 minutes before I realized what I had done. The stain remover stripped right through the varnish and seeped into the wood, stripping the natural oil and leaving a large, weathered looking gray spot.I looked into restoring the table and received quotes between $1,000 and $1,700 (!!!) which we weren't going to do. Enter this teak oil! After reading many detailed online discussions about refinishing teak, I decided to just buy this oil and see what happened. I figured the stain couldn't get any worse. $10 and three treatments later, the table is restored! My husband was floored. I still can't believe it. Now I just need to find the right varnish and it'll be perfect again, though the absence of varnish is barely noticeable.That being said, the oil has a slight chemical smell that seems to fade quickly. Not a problem for treating a 12" diameter stain indoors, though it might be for treating an entire table.Otherwise, great stuff!!
ordered this for the teak shower seat which I love.Came quickly.Glad we have something to keep our teak shower seat for years to come.
The teak oil is easy to apply and gives great protection from the elements. Also, leaves a beautiful finish making it look expensive.
This is pretty impressive oil. I found it difficult to find locally which is why I ordered it online. We used it on all of our outdoor teak furniture and it immediately brought the color back to the original finish. It does have an odor so you have to be careful on using it on indoor furniture. This oil is very durable and lasts a long time if applied correctly.
Meguiar's Gold Teak oil is fabulous. It is easy to apply.  No mess and low odor.I simply poured some oil onto a terry cloth and just wiped on. It restored my Teak bench to a beautiful golden finish.It also dried pretty fast. You can't beat the quality and cost. I am quite happy with the product.
This is an excellent teak oil product.  I bought it to keep a eucalyptus bench I bought from Amazon looking new, and despite the pouring rain, constant 90 degree heat and high humidity we have here in Florida, the bench looks like it just came from a furniture store's showroom.This product is also great for use on the teak trim and hatch covers on boats.  The saltwater environment is hard on wood, but this teak oil keeps it looking like new.You can spend more, but I think you would be hard pressed to find a more effective product.
This product brought our teak outdoor furniture back to life. A great investment when spending thousands on furniture that should now last for many summers to come.
i think it's good one, perfect for family use, longer times use and not for professionalplease buy it !
Since I only have the oil on the wood for a few weeks I don't know how it will hold up over the long haul.  It went on easy and it made the wood look really nice to date.
Does its job as advertised, one bottle was enough for a large round table and six chairs, they look as good as new. Great value. No complaints!
I got it to use on a eucalyptus bench for outside use.  Just rub it on as directed and it has worked fine repeling rain in a very rainy season. Good stuff.
This product uses cheap linseed oil instead of Virgin Tung Oil likeStar brite Premium Golden Teak Oil.It is also an all-in-one product, meaning it doesn't clean as well as a standalone cleaner or oil as well as a standalone oil.I love Meguiar's and use their car care products almost exclusively on my cars, but this is one product I cannot recommend from them.
this oil is great, it  has protected my teak patio chais ,chairs,table, for 3 years now it is much better than the hardware brand, thanks great product!
This item works great for cleaning and protecting the shower seat that it was purchased for. Simple to use! Would recomend to friends and family!
This teak oil does exactly what it is supposed to do - if you are unfamiliar with teak oil, be advised that it is not a varnish - it is an oil treatment that must be re-applied regularly to the wood. It is a beautiful protectant against drying out, but will not permanently change the color of the wood, and it is absorbed. I use it monthly on the teak flooring and benches of my shower and once or twice a year on my redwood outdoor furniture. I am delighted with the results.
It was suggested to put the teak oil on it to save it and I used it, and also used it on my other wooden outdoor furniture
My teak products have been treated & look beautiful. It appears this oil is keeping the products from cracking and giving them a luxurious sheen.
This is an excellent product. I use on indoor and outdoor teak furniture. This product is better priced by a long shot than buying at the local Danish furniture retailer.
What more can be said?  When one has enough chutzpah to use the term &#34;Gold&#34; in their label, the product should measure up.  This product does.
Because there are some mystifying reviews of this product, I'm offering my take on it. First, for those who are looking for a product that can be used on furniture indoors, let me assure you that this one can be. In fact, it is the only thing I trust on my Stickley dining table. I not only use it on that, I use it on antiques/collectibles. Second, note that this is a treatment/polish, not a varnish. It sinks into the wood and, yes, it has to be applied periodically. It appears from at least one review that the person buying the product was expecting something like tung oil varnish. That is not what this is meant to do. It cleans, polishes, and nourishes the wood. It is not waxy like department store furniture polish. It's an oil. And it does a great job.
We bought a mahogany table from Pottery Barn that is meant for the outdoors. While the table came with a beautiful finish, any solid wood table is vulnerable outside. This oil did an amazing job even on a reasonably new table. It added a glow to the table and made the surface far more water repellent. I can't speak to its restorative powers, but I can tell you our table looks better then new after its first summer of use.
Oils okay, I use a bottle every year on old boat teak.  doesn't clean but helps protect.  good for me
This is not a review of Maguiar's oil but a review of Amazon.  The bottle was tampered and may not be genuine.
Although it appears to be geared to teak woodworking on boats, i bought this for use on maintaining golden color of teak deck tiles.  Put two applications on so far, and tiles have continue to look new after 3 months in the sun and wet weather.  Just wiped on with cloth, and have only gone through a quarter of the bottle for 100sf of tiles.  Very good value.
Excellent treatment on raw teak in my application which is on solid teak patio furniture.  Recommend at least 3 coats on raw teak spaced over a 3 week period.  Dries to a non-oily or sticky open grain finish. I was unable to locate a retailer who carries it [I needed more] but did not try marine supply stores.  Meguiar makes excellent wax products for automotive finishes and this one on teak rates 5 stars in my experience
I used this after cleaning it with a stainless scrubber an teak cleaner. This brought back a golden glow to my teak (which sits outdoors in an uncovered area). It even worked on my chaise, which was going gray in areas. I would highly recommend.
good stuff! It does not leave any &#34;oil&#34; on surface afterwards and yet protect the wood. Well, of course, it takes a long time to see its effect.
I haven't used this product, yet.  I will once the show is finished and the tile is sealed.  Vanity carpenter said it should work well.
Great product. used it on a teak rocker that stays outside in full sun pretty much all summer. still looks great but i'll probably apply at least 1 or 2 more coats before winter comes.
This product does the job remarkably well. In the 50's and 60s, I used another product on decks and it was a chore. Megular's went onto my bistro chairs and table with ease. It does not have an offensive odor. It did not stain my work clothes. It delivered rich tone to the unfinished eucalyptus furniture. Upon completion, I felt secure that I had purchased the right folding armchairs and bistro table from Amazon.com and that Amazon.com had recommended the right care product for my new balcony furniture.
Product was easy to apply, and after a month of outdoor weather, it is holding up well on my two benches.
Don't have high expectations for this product. Hardly improved the look of the teak furniture once it dried. Womp Womp.
the product make the wood finish look very nice and seeing to work time will tale it is to soon  foe me to know.
gave my wood a nice shine! thanksactually used it on ipe (close to brazilian teak) and it is great!
Awesome product by Meguiar's! Works as described. The only con I found was that it has a really strong smell.
used it on outdoor teak furniture and it did the job.. would have been nice if it was in a spray or squeeze bottle
This stuff is great to preserve your teak outdoor furniture also I put on my teak shower stool.
I have only used this twice. So far, I really like what it does to protect the wood. I did this outside and didn't notice strong fumes.
I have been using it on all the outdoor furniture I have bought from amazon and it keeps the wood from drying out, Here in Florida that is not much problem but the wood looks great.
I refinished four teak chairs and they look like new.  Not sticky dried right away and will buy again.  I recommend this to anyone needing to oil their teak.
My coleman bamboo bistro table got wet and that damaged the finish. I tried this and it restored the bamboo finish to its original luster. Im no expert on the care of wood, but this worked awesome for me. I applied with a small paint brush and let it soak in overnight. I think in the future i will replace the brush with 0000 steel wool for a better application and a smoother wood surface.
I used the oil 3 times in a row as instructed, with a day of sun between each.  My teak bench looks great and withstanding the water of my shower daily with no problems.
I just used this (this week)to oil 2 teak benches, and 4 eucalyptus chaise lounges. It is very easy to use, and doesn't leave any streaks or spots on the wood. I am always pleased with meguiar's products!
Purchased this to apply to our new hardwood outdoor bench.  The description said it should be oiled.  I knew Meguiar's brand from my car use, so I picked this up from Amazon based on price and reviews.I can't be any happier with the results.  The bench looked good after assembly, but a bit dull.  After applying this once, it looks great.  I'm about to add another coat.  I'm excited to see what it will look like after three full coats.  If one is any indication, it should be really nice.I can't comment on how this would fare in a marine environment on a boat or in a always wet one, like a shower.  But on a bench in my front yard, it's great.
Well, the solvents in it prohibit its use indoors, so I could not pre-oil my teak stool in the NE winter. Look forward to mild weather and using it outdoors during a dry spell.
Used on my outdoor furniture...can take your greyished, weathered teak back to its golden days.
We ordered this for our to keep our teak furniture fresh and clean....it was exactly what we needed...Great product, good price.
I bought this oil along with my Strathwood set, and it makes my pieces look wonderful! Everything i've used this oil on gets a deeper, richer color and a beautiful shine. I've even used this oil on my balcony bannister and it worked wonders, not to mention the oil has a great smell, so my balcony has a wonderful "woody" scent. I'm glad I used it on all of my Strathwood pieces, this oil makes the wood look so great. It's a good oil, it has a great scent, it's a good buy.
Gets my motor running.Well my 1986 Puch Cobra's ZA50 motor at least.
ordered several of these  one here, one there over several weeks as I tried one and then worked towards organizing my paracord.  Unfortunately even though the listing says &#34;In Stock&#34; a day or two later I invariably got a notice via email telling me there would be a delay in shipping these items for in some cases a week and a half or two weeks.  Wouldn't be a problem if they didn't put &#34;In stock. Usually ships within 2 to 3 days.&#34; in the listing.  and keep it there knowing that they are not delivering on that promise.  Had I known of the chronic delays, I fell for the &#34;usually&#34; bit and assumed the first order was a fluke, I may have chosen a different product.  Now for uniformity's sake I'm kind of stuck with this product and the slow shipping I have dealt with on the 5 I have so far ordered (two, ordered 8 and 9 days ago are still not here and one of them just today listed as tracking info received).  Bottom line, great product if you can wait the time it takes for it to arrive.  I know we are spoiled by ultra-fast shipping on many items, and the old days of &#34;4-6 weeks for delivery&#34; are not that far in the past.  This really is a minor thing in the big picture.
Great in keeping outdoor Christmas lights untangled.  Used for storage of extension cords as well.  Cannot find them cheaper than here.
It was relatively inexpensive, and holds a 50ft outdoor cord without any issues or breakage.I need more words, so I guess I should say it is orange in color, and matches my cord color., not that it really matters.
I use the PC 625 in an experimental aircraft. It has proven reliable and is quite powerful for its relatively small size and weight.  I use an Odyssey charger to keep the battery topped off when not charged by the engine alternator.  Since it is a dry type battery there is no acid spillage to contend with.
I have a monster single piston generator and this battery has plenty of punch to fire up the 18 horse flat-head.  Its small enough to sit into the battery tray and packs tons of power!  Came fully charged and ready to go.
Installed one of these in a caterham. I've had great luck with Odyssey batteries in the past, and this one was no different. Plenty of power to crank over moderate size engines (2L zetec in this case) and doesn't weigh much.
I got tired of acid batteries getting low on water and having to try refilling them in my jet skis. these are great
I put this battery in my Yamaha Superjet after my buddy told me how awesome they are.  He wasn't lying, this battery has excellent cranking power and I haven't been able to make it go dead, or even slow down.  If you want the best battery for your ski that money can buy, get one.
Not really much you can say about a battery, but this thing is the best battery I have ever purchased. Holds a charge much longer then my stock waverunner battery and is a must have for the serious waverunners.
I purchased one of these several months ago.I used it on a 12v pump unit that has a constant 5 Amp load when on.I had tried a few other SLA typeBatteries,mostly for lawnmowers, but I was not satisfied with the life span.Due to the location of this particular project, this battery needed to be placed where space was a definite issue. I ended up turning it on its back side, with the terminals up for easier access. Nice option, many of the other batteries I have tried would not work on their side.I have found the power of this battery to be tremendous for its size. With a full charge I was able to run the pump for 7+ hours constant. This Particular unit now has a series of solar panels put in place to quickly recharge it each day.I used a Morning star solar battery charge controller with the low voltage shut off to control the power of the panels.So far the battery has withstood about 60 deep cycle draw-downs,as it has run the pump through the night,shut off at low voltage then recharged and right back to work again. As of this point the battery seems to be holding up just fine. I have not seen a noticeable loss of power. More than I can say for other SLA Type batteries I used.The battery is a great size for the power. The non-spillable nature of it and being able to mount it on multiple planes is a definite plus. I would consider keeping one f these in my old hunting truck just in case the main battery ever let me down while in the woods, it would be a great backup.Great Product, I will definitely consider purchasing another one for my future projects.
Quite often a battery only lasts for as long as it is well maintained, but so far this is the best small battery I have tried.  It was definitely not inexpensive, but has been worth every penny so far.  I have tried quite a few and many of them only lasted 4 months.  The reason this one seems to work is that it holds a charge while sitting.  For a car, it is not an issue because you start it every day, but often recreational vehicles sit for long periods waiting for weather or waiting for you to get a day off.  If your battery gets drawn down too far, you cannot always save them.  This one has held its charge well.  The negatives are the price and that you are not supposed to use a regular battery charger to charge these. I am using a BatteryMINDer, but have only charged it once or twice in the last 3 years.
I love the battery, just wish the terminals were more user frinedly.  Very difficult to deal with in tight spaces.
I am on my 4th year with this battery. I have over 275 hours on my PWC (2006 Yamaha FXHO) and this battery is still going strong. I may replace it at the end of this year just to be on the safe side, but I will definitely buy another one. The lead/acid batteries I used in the past needed to be replaced every other year due to leakage or failure. This is a great battery for a PWC.
I installed this battery a few weeks ago and so far it has been great. I have a sea-doo triple seater (130 HP) and it fit my battery box perfect and, has LOTS of cranking power!! Shipping was fast...and yes I would recommend this to anyone who wants a good heavy duty battery.
Completely not the battery I thought I was ordering. My fault but I can't return it so I am just out $113.00.  Which is also way more than walmart would have been for this battery.
worth buying a little more expensive one i have two of  t hese now one in atv and one in a seadoo  they work much better than original
I am cheap do the 55 walmart battr.nd yes every 1-2 ys or so replace but this seems to be a a high power solid unit, right from the start it was a high powered start, I feel it will last 3-5 years which could be a lot cheaper love the gold plated contacts classy
This battery fits perfectly in my 1999 SeaDoo GTX Limited and spins the starter like my older battery could not. Seems to maintain its full charge with no problems. Costs double the standard battery so I'll need 2 or 3 years of satisfactory service for it to be a good deal.
These are the only PWC batteries I will purchase.  My first one was over three years old and still working strong when I sold my Polaris.  I purchased two used Yamahas and this was the first thing I replaced for them.  What has worked extremely well for me is installing a perko switch and turn that puppy off when you&#8217;re not using the battery.  It really extends the battery life.  I use on my boat and PWC&#8217;s; especially in the off season and during the winter in storage.
This rugged, high-power battery works well in my 2003 Yamaha FX-140 Jet-Ski, and it is not much more expensive than the lead-acid and AGM batteries I've used in the past. It requires some spacers (made from a 1 X 2 trim board) to fit the existing battery tray, but otherwise works fine.
bought 2 of these for Seadoo'ssupposed to be dry batteries that can be stored and then used.Bought them and didn't use for 6 months.then went to use them would not charge.contacted odyssey 300 dollars worth of trash and no support.Don't waster your money like i did
Nice battery.  Tossed it in my Cessna 172 to move it around on the ramp, and it turned her over quicker than she ever did with a wet battery.  Went down to run it up about 3 weeks later, and it's still topped up.  Highly recommend.
It is a 12 volt battery, as described.  It arrived on time in good shape, and the price was good. I am using it in my Sonex, and it does just what it is supposed to do.
These are good batteries. It will work in my scooter and PWC. I was buying a new Walmart battery ever year for the watercraft.I think this battery will even work in an ATV. Not sure how long it will last but so far so good.
This has been performing excellently for me and at what I thinkis a good price to make it a very good value.
Battery was dead after 1 year. I have 2 years warranty but no way to get the battery exchanged since Odyssey needs confirmation from a distributor that battery is defect. Battery Plus won't help me since I purchased the Battery here at Amazon.com. The next battery shop is about 50 miles away and I don't get any info over the phone if they exchange it for me or not and they told me to get in touch with Odyssey. Really bad. The battery is not as good as they say.
these batteries do not generate gasses dangerous especially due to the equipment that must be nearby when you generate solar/wind electricity. this co. ships fast and refunds are not a problem. their prices are the best and their rating is almost always 5 star. 'nough fer me.
I used this for my backup trolling motor and my trolling motor goes just as fast with this as it does with a big battery ,just not as long of course. I didnt time it but it got me back to shore on Shasta Lake.
heheh, I'm going to be the outlier here - believe it or not I use this in my car!  :)  I think this really shows the power and versatility of this battery.  I modified the back of my car to open up to allow for easier working on the engine, but this required me to tilt the trunk 90 degrees - the original battery was a normal battery, so this would translate to spilling it's contents all over everything, which is generally what you don't want to do.  So I searched around and looked for what my options were in terms of a sealed battery that could still put out enough amps to turn over my car more than a few times and not leave me stranded in some parking lot.  A couple other Lotus owners also identified this battery (which they used for weight reasons), and I switch to it about two years ago - without a single issues.Now I don't recommend this for everyone (or really anyone), because there are quite a few caveats - such as I had to put a battery quick-disconnect on it because the parasitic load from the alarm would drain it dead in about a week.  But I think the fact that I can use the battery and have it perform so well in an environment it most likely was not intended to be in speaks volumes of its quality.
I've had this battery for now my 5th year!!!!!  It is used in my Yamaha VX.  I cannot believe how good this battery is and how it has lasted so long.  I realize this review does not add more than what others have said, but its longevity is remarkable and wanted to report this to folks.
I first used Odyssey batteries in my stand-up PWC in 2005, because flooded lead acid batteries kept failing on me.  I'm still using that same battery today (2012)!  I occasionally use a desulfating pulse charger on it to keep it in top condition, but that's a long life no matter how you slice it.  We got a second PWC which needed a new battery, so I didn't hesitate to get another PC625.  Yeah, they're expensive, but not as expensive as multiple flooded batteries + hassle.  I'm so happy with the PC625 that I might invest in bigger Odyssey batteries for my bigger boats when the time comes.
The battery is every thing I expected it to be . This is the way to go if you want a Top Notch trouble free battery that should last years. Dry cell is way to go!!! This is a Military grade battery,and is an excellent choice for a PWC. I bought this battery because of my son's experience with these batteries. He has ran these Odyssey batteries for several years in his jet-ski's and they fire-up every season no problem.
THESE ODYSSEY BATTERIES ARE PROBABLY THE BEST ON THE MARKET....I HAVE THEM IN MY JET SKIS--MOTORCYCLES--GENERATOR--CAR AND THEY JUST LAST ....TWICE THE TIME AS A REG BATTERY......MY HARLEY BATTERY LASTED 2 YRS....AND MY ODYSSEY HAS BEEN IN MY ULTRA FOR 4 YRS NOW......PLUS THE PRICE HERE ON AMAZON IS ANYWHERE FROM $25-60 CHEAPER THAN ANYWHERE ELSE....NO TAX AND FREE SHIPPING....GOTTA LOVE IT!!
A bigger battery might run longer but this battery doesn't weigh much and its easy to carry around.I thought I'd try this one out because of all the good reviews.You can see a video I made of this battery being used on my inflatable boat here with a trolling motor by clicking on ''By Rod Hays - See all my reviews''.The video is on ''Intex Seahawk II Boat Set''
I bought this as a Christmas gift so I did not know if it was correct, etc. until the boating season arrived whiiiiiich was only a short time ago in SC.  It is now in use and is exactlly as needed.
The Odyssey PC625 Powersports Battery is a very good Battery. When I first received the battery, I was a little worried because it is very compact.  I put it in my boat (it arrived fully charged) and went out to the lake. I tooled around for about 4 hours and still had a 1/4 charge.  I liked it so much that I bought a second one and I now use two of these to power my 40 lbs thrust electric trolling motor.  The small size allows me to easily fit both in my Minkota Battery enclosure. I have the motor on my square back canoe, and this set of batteries keep me trolling all day long.  Smooth power delivery and long life as well as the compact sealed design make these batteries ideal for powering small boat motors.  It takes and holds a charge very well.  It is a little more expensive than a similar battery (that is larger, heavier, and may not work as well)  but I believe it is completely worth the price.  I would recommend these without hesitation.
Two and a half year old battery will not hold a charge. I called customer service and as I expected, It is not the battery fault but mine. I didn't own their "Odyssey" charger, so mine was no good, even though made by the same company. Expensive for only two years of use. I can buy a cheap new one every year and be better off.
I read reviews that this was a very good battery, I seen it for myself,... I was riding my Jetski hit a wave wrong flipped over, it took a few mins the ski upright again, everything was flooded inside engine compartment, Water in motor, I tried to crank the ski for 1 hour grinding on starter to get all the water out of motor... nothing, I had to be pulled back to boat ramp... I grind starter another 45 min with out charging battery. No luck. **Take note** never charged battery. So all n all about 2 hours of tring to start ski. Of course when I got home it fired up but to late to ride... Long story short a reg battery would never lasted as long as this one (Reg battery 10 mins at most), with constant grinding on starter. This battery had full power at all times. I will always use this for all my ski's...
This is my second Odyssey Battery and the first one is still working fine.  I use these in a pair of Yamaha WaveRunners.  One of the best features on this battery is its ability to hold a charge.  Come winter, I just disconnect the battery and leave it in the WaveRunner and it is ready to go in the spring; the cold does not bother it at all.
I read all of the reviews about this Odyssey battery being the best.  The first one I got had a voltage of around 11.2 which is mostly discharged - not good for a battery that is not deep-cell.  I attempted charging the battery, but it would never hold more than 12.5 volts: a useless battery for cranking anything.  I called amazon since the battery could not be returned.  The told me to keep it and they would send a new one.  The new one came in a few days and it was fully charged and did fine.
I bought this hand held air compressor in the hopes that it would work in my unique application which is to be able to air up the drag slicks on the race car. And does this do the job in spades. I am very pleased with the results and am pleased with the battery life. It will not only air up your basketball/soccer/football in short order, but it will air up one of my race car drag slicks (26X8.5)from 9 psi to 13 psi in about one min. or less. That may not seem like a lot of pressure change, but it is a lot of volume change in a race slick. It is very portable and can be charged from the wall or a cig. lighter. Am very pleased with this item and would recommend it with out question.
I had been searching for something like this for a LONG time and I was glad to find it here on Amazon. Works great in pumping up tires. I pumped up 3 of the tires on my car with ease. Very easy to use and comes in a nice carrying case. I highly recomend it.
I bought this air pump because it works. I have a manual wheelchair with inflatable tires that are hard to pump up any other way but using the airman pump.It is fast and reliable- I can inflate my own tires without any help from anyone else. The pump is portable so I just store it under my chair when I go places. It is easy to recharge the battery- you can even use it with a cigarette lighter outlet. I bought this one from Amazon because the price was the best- also it is the only place I could find that carried it, so I am grateful for this great product!
Title states it all.  Return was easy, so I gave it 2 stars so it wouldn't seem so mean.  Waste of money though - you're better off buying the Craftsman version, battery is much better.
I have used one of these for years.Item came on time.  Also had a great case that my old one did not have.
Purchased on Amazon recently.  This pump took over five minutes to put 2 pounds more pressure in a tire on my car.  And the pump got almost too hot to hold.  Don't waste your money on this piece of junk.
For many years, until someone took it from my desk, I had the simpler version of this cordless pump.  I absolutely loved that unit.As the simple version is no longer available, I purchased this one even after reading some of the poor reviews.I should have paid attentin to those reviews.  This unit does not keep a charge. I charged it for 24 hours and then tried to use it.  After trying to inflate one bike tire, it ran down.  So back to the charger for another 24 hours.  Same thing happened again.I have requested a return, and after two days, still have not heard from the vendor
First let me say that I've had two Airman pumps for almost 8 years each. They have been reliable and handy saving me many trips to the gas station. Not to mention helping with other uses around the house since they come with multiple tip adaptors.The nicad battery packs have since given up the ghost and no longer accept charges but in fairness they lasted longer than I expected for nicads anyway. I happily continued using the pumps with the included cigarette lighter adaptor.Now my oldest pump is not generating any output pressure. Time for a rebuild. In the hopes that ActiveTools sold repair parts or at least offered a repair service I emailed ActiveTools USA directly.No response. Not even after two attempts. Nothing, nadda, zippo.Not even a redirection of my email "help" request to a different department.I'm not completely surprised in this day and age. But I am disappointed because I specifically chose Airman (after much research) over several other cheapo, made-in-China, disposable, "use once and throw away" products. In fact, it was quite easy to find junk pumps everywhere and very difficult to find a quality pump.You could say I got my moneys worth after all these years.  But it's a shame to throw away a perfectly repairable product that has served me well for years simply because the manufacturer doesn't have their customer service act together.
You have a lot of choices to use it.
Installed this on an older motor that didn't have a safety kill switch.Pros: Seems to be of good quality.  Works well after being installed.Cons: Requires experienced/professional installation.  No basic/typical wiring diagram in package
After checking with a number of marine supplies, and seeing prices all over the place, I checked out Amazon and found this switch, which looked nearly identical to the old switch on my 1996 Evinrude 8hp 2 cylinder outboard. My biggest concern was the mounting, and luckily, this switch fitted into the cast hole in the tiller nearly perfectly. The switch comes with a threaded neck and large nut, and evidently, there's a commercial standard for these kill switches that has maintained for at least 15 years. Electrically, it's a no-brainer to connect. Well, you do have to understand which side of the ignition system you're connecting to and whether your switch was "normally open" or "normally closed" when the engine was running. You have a choice of normally open or normally closed for a reason. The switch provides these two options depending on whether your motor shorts out the ignition (normally open when the switch isn't depressed), or is wired into the "energized side" of the coil, and depressing it will open the circuit (normally closed when the switch isn't depressed). If that's confusing, then find a neighbor who's a Ham Radio Operator, an electrical engineer, or a garage mechanic.One easy way to test your wiring is to seperate the two bare end wires that were connected to the old switch. Don't let the wires touch each other or anything. Try to start the engine. If it starts, then touch the two wires together. If the engine stops, you need to connect to the two "normally open contacts." If the engine didn't start with the wires apart, then twist them together, preferably with an electrical nut so they don't touch anything on the engine. Try starting the engine. If it does start, then you need to use the two connectors on the switch that are "normally closed."So the two best things about this switch are the price, and the fact that it, apparently, fits into most motors where you had a similar kill switch. Again, the size of the switch and the outside diameter of the mounting stalk must meet some industry commercial standard. Good for us!
hello,i use sea-dog universal kill switch on all the lawn mowers we race.they our the best we found.and the price is not out of line.we give them a 5 star.thanks.tony.
I guess the worst thing a kill switch could do is not kill the engine when necessary. The second worse thing is to kill when not necessary. This kills the engine with the clip in place. This has resulted in some interesting experiences while underway in busy channels. I will uninstall this at soon as I can and burn it so no one can possibly find it and use it. I would give it zero stars if possible.
My husband loves this kill switch our old one was just that old and needed to be replaced this was a perfect match.
This is what I ordered and it worked fine. Couldn't' be more happy and it arrived sooner than I expected so I was able to keep my project on schedule.
Works Great. Easy install !  Fit in old kill switch spot on my 1985 Evinrude outboard & functions perfectly for me.
Works great and hooks up as a ground or hot break, so it will work to kill any engine that has an ignition. By opening or closing the circuit depending on your need.
My Johnson 25 hp outboard had the kill button attached to the tiller handle.  When this switch quit working, I checked the price for a OEM replacement and it was outrageously expensive so I started studying alternatives.  A previous reviewer noted that the hole for attachment of kill switches seemed to be universal, and the price was very reasonable so I ordered one.  Well.....the hole may be universal, but this switch is too big to fit the tiller location on a Johnson outboard.  I ended up (painfully scarey) drilling a hole in the front of the motor housing, and pulling the wires from the old switch back inside the housing, attaching female spade connnectors to the wiring and making it work...so be prepared to do some modifications if your kill switch location doesn't have sufficient clearance
My old kill switch was starting to show it's 12 years of age and this one replaced it perfectly without any modifications or issues.
Item works great.  Kill switch in my tiller handle broke and a new OEM switch was very expensive.  I drilled a hole in the side of the motor housing to mount the switch which was very easy.  Cut the wires from the old switch connected them to the new switch.  Complete job took less then 15 minutes.
We needed a kill switch and this did the job well at a great price. Would buy it again when I need it.
Very disappointing.  Over all quality is poor, look and feel is not right, knob looks cheap and action is not smooth.  Paid too much not worth the cost to ship back. Would not buy again.
I bought this extractor in 2009, and after using it once again today, felt it was time for a long-term review. When I originally purchased this, it came down to this unit or a mightyvac, and my research had shown the weakness in many vacuum oil changers is often the tank, so I went this this as a spherical tank is much better suited to handling the pressure on it from the vacuum.To date, I've done about 30 oil changes on Mercedes, Porsche, Volkswagen, Jeeps and a Honda, with no problems of any type and everything is still working well. Very dirty, but functional. As both the pump and oil hose attachments are gently flared, it allows them to maintain a good seal even as they age; the downside is the pump in particular is not strongly attached to the tank, and it probably the only thing I don't like about the unit.Compared to the old pull-the-plug method, the cleanliness of doing oil changes is far improved, and it's much easier handling the waste oil for transfer to a tank to transport for recycling compared to emptying an oil pan. The higher capacity is especially useful as you can drain most cars in one go, and for my diesel jeep, in a couple rounds; a smaller capacity unit would have to be emptied a half-dozen times for the diesel.The pump is starting to show some aging, and I suspect in another year might need to be replaced; but amortizing the cost over so many oil changes plus the savings of doing it yourself has made this oil extractor a worthwhile investment, even if it needs replacing every few years.
Great tool, i use it to change the oil on my 2000 Volkswagen Golf diesel, keeps me from haveing to climb under the car, and it takes out more oil than just using the drain plug. good sturdy construction and well engineered to make the job clean.
I just used this product for the first time after previously having another model that got the suction pump contaminated with oil and stopped working.  The way this is set up, the suction pump never comes in contact with the fluid so it will never get contaminated by it (Gas and some oils can really eat up gaskets).  The tube is a bit thin but the protective covering is really nice.  I think it should last a long time and was the cleanest oil change I have done on my TDI in a long time.Casey
Works great. Used it to drain the oil in my 2005 VW Beetle TDI.
I have owned this pump now for a few years and it has worked flawlessly.  I have removed oil from not just my car but friends and family memebers also.  Not dissapointed with this purchase at all.
A good product that works as advertised.  The 6 liter size is nice for using on multiple small engines before having to empty.
I have used this about 5 times so far.  The only problem I had with it is that it would not go down the check tube of my mercury mountaineer far enough to extract the oil.  It works great on both of the ford taurus' tho.  I haven't tried it on anything else.  But it has paid for itself almost twice after 5 oil changes.  This is really worth it.You put the extract tube in the car and pump it up.  Go off and do something else for a while.  Come back pump it up again.  You will see the oil flow again and go away again for a while.  Do this maybe 3 times and your done.It does help if the car is a "little" warm, but it will work if it is stone cold, just might have to do the process a few more times.Once your done, just pop off the top and put in a container and take to AutoZone and recycle....  I would buy this again with out blinking a eye.
Excellent product makes changing the oil in the boat and lawn mower a breeze after warming up the oil.  Great product  Thanks,
I've used this for the past 3 + years.  It's saved a bunch of money and time since there's no more taking the car our for the oil change.  My only complaint is the tank will tend to collapse with warm oil and some ambitious pumping.  The pump itself shows no signs of failing at this point and the check valve on top still works without flaw.When finished, I raise the tube up to drain into the tank.  I wipe it with a rag and then stuff a paper towel into the tank end.  I haven't had much trouble with drips.  Good product
It is rather expensive for a plastic contraption, but it does work well, so I guess it is worth the expense. My car requires that a shield be removed from under the car to change oil. With the pump, I no longer have to remove it, making oil changes much faster and easier.
The suction tube didn't hold up very long.  I emailed them for a replacement, they never responded.Some reviewers suggested repairing with electrical tape.  I wouldn't want to having the tape unravel and get stuck in my oil pan and clog the oil pickup and blow the engine.  Sounds like a bad idea.Also, unless you're abusing the flexible tube, it should hold up longer than a year (4 or less oil changes).  Assuming you can get a response from Pela, they should have replace for free instead of trying to make a buck off of their bad design.
I use this on a VW Jetta and it works well.  The dipstick tube is like the flexible sheathing that covers bike brake cables, so it's flexible, but stays on the bottom of the oil pan.  You just pump it up and about ten minutes later the oil is drained.  Plus, on VWs diesel you can use it to suck out the oil filter casing.  I wish it was easier to get all the oil out of the tube, or reservoir after use.  Drips can cause stains.
Very simple to use. I have never changed the oil in my car. Using the same filter, I changed the oil in 10 minutes. No mess. Simple to use for log splitters, motorcycles, lawn mowers.
Best ever, pumped several times, leave it alone, do something else, return in 10 to 15 minutes and all the oil in the oil pan will be in the oil extractor. Don't spend your money in any other ones, since a lot of professional is the one they use and we could buy any one. Best in the market
I used this product with no problems for a couple oil changesand it was convenient and clean.  But then the flexible tubegot a little worn and the flexible plastic sheathing thatcovers the spring steel tube developed several cracks.With the cracks the tube cannot hold a vacuum renderingthe product totally worthless.  None of the resellers havea clue about  replacement tubes, and  Pela themselves aretotally unreachable.  Three times in the last year I've gottenzero response to email inquiries and the last email simply bounced.I'd like to recommend this product but can't.If you're going to buy a Pela extractor then get the one withthe hard plastic tubing rather than the more flexible plasticcovered spring steel tubing.  The latter will eventually crackand then it's done.[edit]Some months after I created this review, I realized I couldfix the extraction tube with heat shrink tubingfrom the local hardware store.  Cut off the old plastic,found a heat shrink tubing size slightly larger than thespring metal tube, slide it on, hit it with a heatgun, and it's good as new.  Still never heard from Pela though.
This worked better than I expected. So easy to remove the oil from my Argo. It really works great. Jim in Newport Michigan.
The Pela Oil Extractor was recommended by several Audi Enthusiasts but I was a little hesitant at first. But when I started looking at the things I'd need to do it the old fashioned way (ramps, creeper, catch pan) I realized it was going to cost about the same either way I did it. I finally decided that the extractor was worth a shot since it was a much cleaner way of changing the oil. I had absolutely no problems with the setup, got the siphon going and came back after dinner to find almost all the oil had been drained. Did a little extra pumping to ensure I had most of the oil and that was it. The included spout allowed me to pour the oil out of the extractor and into an empty 5L oil jug so I could safely dispose of it. Then everything broke down easily and went right back into the box it came in for easy storage.Easiest (and cleanest) oil change ever!
Pela oil extractor does the job on my 06 Jetta TDI without all the mess. It removes all the oil from the drain pan as well as the oil filter housing.I also remove the fuel/water from the diesel fuel filter housing with it.It is easy to empty all drained fluids into recycle containers with the included pour spout. So it's good for the environment too.
have used it a lot and works well
First time I used this was to extract the oil from my personal watercraft. Got it all and never spilled a drop. Next up is to remove the oil from my boat. Good product!
Don't buy it !!!  Works OK for the 1st few times, then the seals stop working. save your money.
Must to have gadget for every amateur mechanic. Excellent quality, makes oil change a breeze, no mess operation. And is Made in the USA.
I bought this originally because a recently purchased lawn mower lacked an oil drain plug. (The only option was to turn the lawn mower over and dump the oil through the filler tube. - Talk about dumb designs!) This oil extractor did not work as expected; it extracted about half the oil.Oil changes on the snow blower and another lawn mower produced the same results - only half the oil was sucked out.Next I used it on the car. Well, I stuck the tube all the way down to the stop and drew a suction. After about a half hour it gurgled and there was a little more than 3 quarts in the container. Since the capacity for my Chrysler with a Pentastar engine is 6 quarts, I drained the remainder via the drain plug and collected another 2 1/2 quarts.What a waste of money! Unfortunately by the time I used the thing it was well beyond the period for which Amazon would take a return.
For price it works great.  I use it for my boat but also found numerous other uses.  Such as draing the antifreeze out of the car overflow container.  Works for lawnmovers, ATVs or anytime you have a fluid that needs to be sucked out.
I used this product to change the oil in my Honda Shadow ACE 750. It worked well since the drain plug is in a place on my bike that is very hard to access without a lift.The oil needs to be warm to be pumped out. I had a more difficult time when I tried to remove a little extra over-fill new oil that was still cool.I plan to use the pump to remove a quart of transmission fluid in my car to make room for an additive. This pump should do the trick.
I have been wanting something like this product for years for both my cars and lawn mower, too, so I got the 6L size mainly for the cars but it works great for mower, too.  It is a lots better than those in-line hand pump extractors you buy at the local auto parts stores.  I tried one of those hand pump extractors the other week on my car and I got so fed up with it that I immediately threw it in the trash can.
I was looking for a device to drain the oil from my lawn/garden equipment.  The "traditional" method usually ends up with oil all over the machine and driveway.  This device is easy to use, fills the bill nicely, and gets ALL the oil out!  A couple of points:  Warm up the engine thoroughly - the oil flows out better and any particulates are in suspension.  The extractor handled hot oil without a complaint.  Also, the vacuum pump is attached by a non-locking gasket, and suction is applied on the upstroke.  So you can forget about using the pump with one hand while holding the extraction wand with the other.  Not a major problem, just requires some getting used to.
It arrived today, just in time to change the transmission fluid in my jeep. It worked just like I hoped it would. This thing sucked all the fluid out without dropping the pan and no messy pump to clean up after or spill like my electric pump.
We used this to drain the oil from our boat.  It worked great.  Much easier alternative to the traditional way.  Also, is a very clean process.  We will be using this from now on.Good product.
Who could love an oil extractor?  Well, maybe what I love is that I no longer have to drain the oil from beneath the car.  Follow the directions about warming the engine up first, and it goes faster.  It will take a little longer to suck the oil out through the dipstick tube than drain from the oil pan, but I use that time to top up the washer fluid and do other little things.  With my Nissan the oil filter is accessed from above, so there is no need to get under the vehicle at all.  With the Toyota I have to change the filter from underneath (the old ones were up top and center, I guess they figured nobody changes their own oil anymore), but it is nice to cut that time shorter.  I find that after half the oil has been pulled out it helps to give the pump a few more pumps to keep the vacuum pressure low.  Once all the oil is out I pour the dirty oil into an old oil jug to take for recycling.  That is an extra step, but I usually change both car's oil at once, and don't want to risk overfilling the extractor.  I used to end up with oil all over my hands, but now I stay much cleaner.  This works really well and I'm glad I bought it.
I picked one through another parts store (piston service) in anacortes wa..  worked great  a for 6 or seven starts.  Pulled the motor to install in another boat and noticed the cone casting was cracked.  Took it back for replacement and was told that it was caused buy a engine back fire and would not be covered buy the lifetime warranty.  I have worked on rigs all my life.  I have never had a casting failure on a american made starter.  the orig. mercruiser starter had been the boat for over 30 years and was swaped because the plug was left in thru the winter and got covered with water.  My point, this is a sweet running motor no back fire issues at all.  The mercriser starter has a stud on the rear end that attaches to a bracket that in turn bolts to the block to stablise the starter.  This is  missing on the sierra starter.  The sierra has great power and will spin the motor faster than a spring chicken but is still not quite correct replacement,this coupled with a pack of dogmatic sales geeks at piston services in anacortes further points to the importance of buying from a reputuable retailer that (like amazon) has clout with the wholesaler.  I will repost if the manufacture makes good on there product.  PS  I could have saved thirty bucks if I purchased @ amazon instead of buying local,go figure.  (update)  Called the national handler of sierra and had a great customer experance .  In the mean time the local boys actually quit jacking their jaws and got a replacement coming.  Still wounder about the missing support stud and rude handling at the parts store.  Happy for now will kick sierras rating to a 4 star ,piston service 1.5.
I installed this starter in my boat two summers ago and I haven't had a single problem with it. Boat starts up every time and purrs like a kitten!
I installed this on my 1986 Mercruiser 140 (181 CID, 4 Cyl) to replace a 26 year old one with a bendix going out.  What a difference, and a perfect match!  Starter comes with a solenoid, just as pictured.  $66 total cheaper than West Marine.
Bought this switch to use for directional signals on my Polaris ranger.Worked great.  Much cheaper than buying a steering column switch.
Works good been using it for years in my boat and PWC for ocean and freshwater, no visible corrosion anywhere, I do not exactly follow their directions I put this stuff in s spray bottle and just mist the motor compartments and impeller area and any other metal parts and wipe up the excess from the outside but anywhere you know there will be water gushing around just leave the excess alone it will just mix around with the water and be okay. When I flush I load up the flush tubes I have after I rinsed with water at the end and do a quick blast of this through again but not enough to wash out the product I can still see the blue hue to the water and stop. Then I re spray the impellers and motor are with a mist. Good price here on amazon too way less than the pro shop or west marine.
I use this salt terminator on all of my fishing equipment, boat and boat motor.  I does a great job neutralizing and/or removing the salt leaving my equipment clean and ready for storage until the next use.  No corrosion or salt build-up.  I purchased an attachment to affix to a hose for washing salt off the boat trailer.  Using the salt terminator seems to do a really good job getting the salt off the springs and wheels much better than using only fresh water from the hose.  I will continue to use it.
I bought one of these last year at the local PWC store.  It works great.  Easy to remove to put on the cover or to remove the mooring line while riding.  Just as quick to reattach when you need to stop and refuel.  I would highly recommend getting 2 for both mooring lines.  I just need to get one more to free up the aft tow eye.
This hook is just what I needed to tie the back of my ski down to my trailer. Can also be used to tow or be towed in the event someone breaks down.
Do not use these.They are plastic. Bent when you try to tie down. Spend the extra money and buy steel. Gave mine away.
good quality
I've only had this mirror installed for 4 days but so far it is working out great.  The mirror does not come with installation instructions, so you are on your own to figure out the difference orientations find the best one for your boat.  The ball adjustment on the back on the mirror does not have the travel I would have liked and it can be touchy to set it right.  The side mirrors are awesome.  They are easy to position and can be adjusted so you can see over 60 degrees off each side of the boat.  With this mirror you get a large crystal clear view of what is going on. Good stuff...
This is by far the best mirror if you are pulling someone for any type of water sports. From tubing, skiing, show skiing, wakeboarding, to barefooting you can't go wrong with this mirror.
works amazing. Needs a little mod 'cause I'm clamping it to my Bimini, but otherwise really nice
I have purchased two of these mirrors. I bought one for our boat and we liked it so much we bought one for a gift. It is large so don't be too shocked when it arrives. It really allows you to see all that is going on behind you as you drive. It is so much safer for the skiers and tubers. I am so glad we have it.  We do take it down when we tow the boat.
The product came in the time offered and it is what the seller ofered. thanks for the good service.
This mirror is huge! Perfect to see everything going on behind you. Just be careful it does not obstruct your vision in front of you.
The mirror arrived with black cracks in it, making it unusable for its purpose.  The cracks were in the large middle section of the mirror.  I was not the first person to have received this particular cracked mirror, based on the look of it.
Nice mirror have it mounted on our inboard ski boat. We use it in conjunction with a second mirror that is mounted on the dash. We mount this mirror on the top of the windshield. Would have given it 5 stars except that it is a little heavy and can be jarred out of adjustment when you hit some big waves
Had no idea how much I was missing this!  The way I have it positioned the view is  from one rear bimini support to the other and the entire rear end of the boat to include the motor.  Fantastic!  For how I mounted it there is one swivel point missing so I fabricated a simple frame to enable mounting high on the bimini top frame rather than the windshield.  Check out the pics of the install on my pontoon.  Perfect.  It comes with 3 different thicknesses of "wedges" that mount to one side inside the bracket jaws to accommodate various mounting thicknesses.  Choose the one you need.  This is the only one on the market that opens to 1 1/4" and fits standard pontoon rails.Put this thing on and relax a whole lot more.
I really like the split in the mirror, actually gives you 3 mirrors and all or them are individually adjustable. Easy to install and un-install when I want to go fishing and don't want a ski mirror in my way.
These mirrors are awesome.  It allows me to see just about the entire area behind my boat.  I purchased this as a replacement for the mirror that was included in my tower mounted setup.  I purchased a tower arm mounted mirror from Samson, and the mirror broke, and this is what I replaced it with.  The mirror is the same one (i believe) that came with my Samson.  The only slight difference is that it seems lightly different as far as aiming the mirror, than the original was.  I cant recommend one of these enough, not matter where or how you mount it.  Well worth the difference in price from a standard ski mirror.
I bought this mirror for my dad to use on our speed boat. Since he is normally driving, he uses it to see what the skiers, wakeboarders and tubers are up to. This summer he got to see some cool tricks my friend was doing that otherwise he wouldn't have been able to see. Definitely a good deal, especially since the price dropped after I bought it and Amazon issued me a refund for the $11 it dropped by.
I had seen this mirror at a local boat shop and really wanted one.Went home...found it on Amazon for about 45 bucks less and ordered it with the FREE super saver shipping. It came 6 days later...Hell Yeah!!!This is a huge mirror..it's perfect for my use. I highly recommend it to any body pulling water ski toys.And Amazon...Keep up the great service!!!......J
This mirror is wonderful. It's like having eyes in the back of your head. It is too wide to go on the walk-thru windshield leading to the bow, so I had to mount it on the windshield in front of the drivers side.  This blocks the view slightly so you may want to see how wide your door oprning is before you buy this product.
I use this mirror on a Malibu Response TXi to pull skiers. It fits very nicely on the windshield and provides excellent visibility of the skier in turns and through the wake. In my opinion, it is far superior to the standard mirror that comes with the boat.
This is the best mirror we have ever used. You never loose sight of your skier. Very stable and can be remove easy.
This mirror did not work for me.  The mirror itself is very sturdy, big, and easy to see.  It did not work for me for 2 reasons.1) The swivel mount is somewhat limited in how you can position the mirror.  It really didn't work well to have the mirror ABOVE the mount bracket, only hanging below.  For my boat, that doesn't really work.2) The mounting bracket scratches the paint on my windshield.  This is a major problem as far as I am concerned. It has sharp edges when mounting and this is NOT good.If #1 is not a problem for your boat, #2 should be addressable with some rubber stripping.  Aside from these issues, the mirror is very good.  I'm giving 2 stars because #2 was a real downer for me.
I have a John Deere 2305 tractor with a Curtis cab, and have been looking for a good rear view mirror so I don't put the 3ph into my car! Curtis had one for $90, but was really poorly designed- forst it would only go on vertically, and had no ball joint and only one axis rotation adjustment, and in the wrong direction- so i returned it.So then I typed in wide 'view rear mirror' and found these CIPA water-ski mirrors- I made it a point to get the biggest one with adjustable sides, and boy, besides looking at myself all the time in the middle- works great! I can see everything behind me, and to the sides,  now without having external side mirrors for the trees to remove while mowing. I can stop craning my neck to see behind me as well.I had to insert a piece of 1&#34; wood to fill the channel above the windscreen for the clamp to bite onto, and the knob hits the roof, making it hard to tighten, but it is flexible enough to do, and could have replaced with a bolt, but works fine- nice cast hardware and ball joint on the back of the mirror head, so I can dial that right in. Perfect for this application.If I find it hard to keep tight, I'll just make a block adapter and screw that to the frame, and clamp the mirror to that. Right now I can't wiggle it loose by hand.
After having spent years with a junky mirror that never stayed in place this was a godsent.Pros:- Huge, we are talking scare your neighbors big, almost had to move my canopy up big!- Did I say it was big?- Side mirrors, they are a little crazy and take getting used to.  But there is nothing like watching someone ski buoy to buoy.- Mount is rock solidCons:- Short people who move my mirror- Had to place above my windshield it was so big
Great adjustable side wing mirrors. Can see the whole run, even at long rope lengths.The only problem is the redesigned windshield frame clamp. The spacers for windshield thickness areliable to fall off the clamp, and/or twist off center during installation. Just an annoyance, but aconstant one when you remove the mirror each day to put the boat cover on.Aside from the clamp, this is an awesome piece. Great view.
Nice view. Didn't work for me because my windshield is small and it blinded out too much view forward.  I sent it back but it was a nice mirror. I can't offer much else than to say if size is an issue, consider the dimensions.
I have 2 one on my wake board boat and the other on my  deck boat.Works grate on both boats, good value for the money.
First impresion was very nice mirrors, very clear and sharp. As soon as I positioned it on the windshield of my 17' tunnel hull I though about that line from the movie Jaws: "I think your going to need a bigger boat". This mirror is big! Especially since it is only about a foot in front of my face. It does provide great visabilty behind, though will obstruct forward visabilty if not mounted high above the windshield. The mounting bracket metal threads are crossthreaded which will quickly tear up the plastic threads of tightening knob. Will be contacting supplier and manufacture about this issue tomorrow. But it should be a great mirror for any serious water skier.Roy
Solid product, stable and has good view angle. I use it on an 1800 boat for wakeboarding. Had to bring it all the way to Argentina because we gone none of this good quality over there.
This was the perfect mirror for us.  Great price and it worked great out on the water.  Very easy to set up and change around for the perfect fit.
Great mirror.. Easy to install, has more than enough viewing range behind and does not vibrate! Perfect for watching your skiers behind the boat...
I needed a new mirror for my boat so I could monitor skiers and the kids on tubes after my old one was broke while the boat was in winter storage. this new mirror is so good I am glad my old one was broken! The visibility allows me to keep my eyes forward yet have a clear view of the skier behind me or two tubes. The mirror adjusts easy but stays firmly in place. Great value for the money!
This mirror is well made big and does its job well. I can see everything behind me when towing a waterskier. Buy it you will not regret it.
hellothis is a good mirror verry solid and bigthe schipping was also ferry fast .i i i i
Very nice mirror.  The size is perfect to stay out of the way and the adjustable side mirrors give great range.  I am able to have it off center  so it's not in the way while cruising, but can still get the full spread of a slalom run.  The clasp is rubber on one side and plastic on the other so it won't scratch your window frame (which was very important to me).  The only small nit is that the clasp has a loose piece of plastic, so if you take it on and off you'll have to be very careful not to lose it.
I bought this as a ski mirror, figuring the two side mirrors would be helpful for watching skiers outside of the wake.  They do just that.  I also use it for trolling downriggers, and I'm able to adjust the two side mirrors so I can see my rods all the while facing forward.  It's extremely helpful when I'm trolling alone.  It's an awesome addition and I don't even bother removing it being it's never in the way.
Had no problems...easily attached to the aluminum glass frame on the boat.  Image is clear with minimal vibration.  Solid construction...
I had a convex mirror on my boat but still had blind spots on both sides that compromised safety in the busy channel I frequent.  This mirror is actually 3 separate mirrors. Once you've adjusted the center mirror as you would the rear view mirror on a car you can then adjust the two side mirrors individually as they are mounted on their own ball sockets.  All of the adjustments are somewhat stiff but that's a good thing as the adjustments stay in place even when bouncing through some chop.Another thing I like is the simple windshield mounting bracket that has a big knob for easy repositioning on the window frame. The bracket has a generous opening to clamp over any windshield frame.  The only time you'll need a screwdriver is to set the angle of the mirror to the bracket which should be a one time setting.With such an easy bracket the mirror can be switched from an above the windshield position to the lower position easily.Well worth the money!
Good mirror, but only starts at 3/8" for mounting, measure your windshield or wherever you are placing it on your boat.  Takes a few times to acquire images on the three lenses, but it really works well, you never have to adjust the mirror.  Would buy another one!
Was exactly what we were looking for.  Works perfectly on our boat, the mount works great, and the mirror also looks good.
I was tired of a sore neck from constantly turning to see my skiers and tubers. This mirror mounted right up on my sport/fish boat windshield and works great. I can even see skiers when they swing way out to the side. I won't ever pull a skier or tube without this mirror again. Shipping was fast, packaging excellent. Highly recommended.
This Ellipse Marine Mirror is great. Fits on the windshield frame of our 2011 Tahoe perfect. No vibration or movement and goes on and comes off with ease.I looked around for a mirror for a while and took a chance on this one. Glad I did, meets or exceedes all our needs.
I use this so that i can take the family tubing on my Alumacraft fish boat.  It works great.  I especially like the two side mirrors that are adjustable.  Well made.
Good mirror for the price. I like the metal frame and arm assembly on the mirror and it fit the wide windshield frame well. I woudl have prefered a little more right to left adjustment in the ball socket but it is functional.
The unit comes with a rubber piece that is needed to grab a hold of whatever it is you are mounting it too like a windshield or support bar.  The glue they used to keep the rubber piece affixed to the mirror is junk.  I used it for the firs time, and it feel off.  Then the mirror wouldn't stay on, and it fell, hit the boat, and bounced into the lake.
Was tired of looking back to check on tubers, so decided to give this mirror a try.  Have had it for about a month now and would recommend this to other boaters without wakeboard towers.  It fits on my windshield and I can she the children on both sides.  Only problem I had was finding the "sweet spot" to put it because I drive seated and on one knee.  Once I found the spot, I've had no complaints.  It comes with a plastic piece that I removed to fit my window.2010 Tahoe Q5i
Exactly as advertised.  A very good mirror for a decent price.  If you need a boat mirror, this is the one to get.
I purchased the FS-1 Speedometer over three months ago, and have nothing but praises for the product.  Along with the Speedometer, I purchased the heart rate monitor and the data link.  I've never had a running coach, but when I use this entire package it is the equivelent to haveing a coach.  I am able to track my run second by second.
hiI bought and used this product intensively for 6 months and it is now dead in the water.first the start/stop/reset button started working uh .. randomly ... then the watch started to reset itself to 0 even with new batteries, then ice on the cake, the pod purely and simply stopped communicating with the watch... and since Fitsense does not have a return policy, I am stuck with a bulky $250 watch ....since I really need a distance monitor, I will now buy a Polar which is what I should have done at first. stick to the pro.I would rate this product -5 stars if I could. needless to say, I am fairly upset with it.ciao
purchased for plastic wad material in shotgun barrels...should have saved the money!!! does not work at all...does anything???can't use brush and drill...rifled tubes
Bought this switch for a 1975 Evinrude 15hp outboard that I converted to electric start.  This is very good quality, easy to install, and a fraction of the cost of the OMC switch.  Thanks!
A cheap, convenient way to mount a spare on your trailer.  When I was just towing my utility trailer around town I didn't worry much about getting a flat.  Once I started traveling longer distances I got myself a spare and this is just the thing I needed to mount it to the trailer tongue.
Bought this for a jetski trailer, allowed us to mount a spare tire straight to the rig. easy to use, very sturdy, fantastic product for the $$.
great alternative to the more expensive spare tire mounts out there. works great. always left out in the weather and hasn't rusted anywhere yet.
Bulb was an exact-fit replacement. I just removed the old one and put in this one. Perfect with no problems.
I have replaced a lot of trailer lights that turned into piles of rusty junk removable only with a sledge hammer, chisel and sawsall.These are the only lights that last the test of time. Every time I replace the junk that comes with trailers with a dry launch my trailer light problems end. These lights are great. They are light a diving bell and keep the innards dry while submerged, the light bulbs are easy to replace after 5 yrs and they do not turn into a blob of rust.Get these, they are the best. I wish I owned stock in the company. I don't work for them and do not sell them. I am not dependent of them for my living. A lot of people writing reviews make a living of what they review and would never tell you their stuff is junk. They even go online extolling lies about how great their junk is.Don't be fooled. All the other brands of trailer lights die in less than 3 yrs of rust.Problems with other fancy submersible waterproof sealed lights with screws holding the reflector:1. The bulb comes loose from the fixture2. The screw turn into blobs of rust3. You have to remove them with a chisel and a sawsall4. They short at the least provocation5. The light bulbs turn into a blob of rustDry Launch are the only lights that pass the test of time and
Easily 5 star. Wasn't expecting too much for $39 but this cover is really nice. Well made with heavy material (Mine was shipped grey, not black) and all the straps you need to secure it to your sled for trailering. I am about to order my second one before they realize how under-priced it is. Hope it is made in the USA though....
This cover fits my machine perfectly. I have an older sled that is the normal regular size; not one of the big long racing type. It has lasted well outdoors thru summer and winter, not showing any signs of wear yet. For the price I paid I would definitely recommend it for the average rider tho it would probably not suit the "fancy" type who want everything to match perfectly. Just a plain canvas cover that sheds rain well. Hope this helps.
Cover was black in the picture but came grey.  One light gray and one dark gray.  Sizing by the manufacturer is poor and strap locations are poor.
I purchased this item to clip to my 3/4 helmet in the event of rain on a 1600 mile cycling trip.  of course it rained often and when I installed the shield I was disappointed in that the water splashed up into the inside of the shield making it impossible to see through and it also immediately fogged up. Tthe three times I attempted to use it in rain I was forced to raise/remove the shield because I could not see well enough to drive and will take the rain to the face or wear a full-face rather than lose 85-90% of my visibility and still be wet.On a positive note and only reason it did not get a single star, it does secure well to the helmet and if you are only looking for an item to deflect bugs and debris it would work fine...but is more than useless (unsafe) in the rain!!
This was purchased to allow my wife (or other passenger) to enjoy the view without the direct wind in their face.  This does the job.
I wanted to be sure I liked the clear shield first before buying the dark shield.  The shield is easy to install with the 3-button snap.  The visor is set conveniently and the shields motion is smooth and locks into place well.
I like my &#34;patrol&#34; style shorty half-helmet with short face shield with my bike which has a windshield.  Lets me wear my regular eyeglasses.But when I borrow a bike with no windshield, the half face shield is not enough, wind comes right under into my eyes.  This is the second MXL shield I have bought now, I liked the clear one so much I got a tinted one as well.It's not perfect, it touches my chin when fully closed, but for what I wanted it to do it's great.  Sturdy construction, stays put where you set the flip.I really should have a full-face helmet as well for those times, but to make do, this gets the job done very well.
I ordered this shield to keep rain and snow out of my face while traveling between camp and hunting locations.  It fit easily onto my helmet.  I had a bit of fogging, but when it's really cold out, that's not too surprising.  As the title suggests, I'm satisfied.
After years of riding a Goldwing I recently purchased a  used Harley ultra classic.  Everything was great except that the wind from the custom windshield came around me and hit my wife directly in her eyes.  This caused the riding to be unpleasant for her so we thought that a shield would help.  After a short ride her comment was &#34;why didn't I have one of these 40 years ago.&#34; It is well made and does the job, she is happy therefore I am happy.
This product worked perfectly.  Just wish it had come with the conversion snaps.  My helmet visor was originally the screw on type.  Thanks to Amazon.com though, I was able to purchase the snaps through another vendor.
A perfect fit and a great help when caught in the rain! I just need to find a dark colored one now for those bright days!
The shield went right on.  It flips up cleanly.  It is well made, not flimsy.  I would recommend this device.  I am planning on getting another one in smoke and another Vega Echo Shorty to have a clear fixed visor with smoke pull down.
I'd give it five stars but there is a small distortion in the upper regions of the visor. It's not major but is there. Overall very pleased with the quality. This fits the ultralight aircraft Comtronics headset helmets perfect!
I was a little hesitant to order this since I hadn't heard of the company before, but when it showed up I was fairly impressed.  After adjusting the height of the compression arm to fit my clutch, I easily compressed the spring so I could install the snap ring.  The chain holds the arm in place so you don't have to try to hold it and install the snap ring at the same time.  Fit and finish were a little lacking and the chain link had to be turned sideways to fit on the catch, so it lost a star, but it's a tool, not art.  Overall, very happy with it and would recommend it for those who do their own PVT clutch work
I recently returned to practicing martial arts and I needed new gear. I didn't want the same old gear that breaks within a few months of use so I bought the Warrior Gear. I'm very pleased with the quality and the price it sold for hear on Amazon.
My daughter has been a martial artist for years and these are her favorite punches.  Well padded where it needs padding and very well ventilated to allow hands to breathe and reduce sweating.  Tough and last a LONG time.  This whole line of sparring gear is superior to any other we have tried and we have tried a lot of brands.
los machos warrior punch,  un excelente producto de  alta calidad, modernos y con un lindo dise&ntilde;o que se adaptan a las exigencias de los deportes de contacto.
These gloves help protect my son and those he spars with. I like that I was able to find matching colors. Follow size chart!
Bought this set at Lowes for $24. Found a short in harness after installation.  Poor quality.  Lots of headaches.  Try another brand!!!
A handy small all metal grease gun. Good for shop tools, light duty home use. Fits zerk fittings tightly. Small size prevents getting high pressure as with a larger or full size and stroke gun. User must have good grip strength and squeeze very hard. Just right size for what I wanted/needed. Gun is available with other grades of lubricant if you search. I used this brand of grease and was looking for it (not the gun) by brand name.As with all grease guns (this is not my first) it is a bit hard to prime when new. This is a one time effort and to be expected.Shipping seems to be scattered amoung sevral off topic distribution sources but was no problem, several days.
I've used this thing to shovel snow, break up ice chunks, and dig my car out of a plowed in parking spot.  All of this in addition to the normal car/window scraping it is supposed to do.  It has held up well and I recommend it to anyone who has to deal with snow and ice!
I was looking for a good quality snow scraper and finally came across this one. I have found it to be a good tool up here in Maine, and am using it on a Honda Accord. Can reach right across the entire roof, windshield etc. It then collapses and I store it in the trunk. My only wish would be for them to design it so there is no rotation of the scraper on the handle, which happens a bit, no big deal.
The snow removal broom is a great tool. It's easy to extend and shorten.  Works well enough on even dense snow. Worth the money.
The scraper is plastic and poor quality.  A heavy rubber would have been more efficient.  You will have to exert twice the energy to remove a small amount of snow or ice.  I don't recommend this product.
This was a gift for christmas, hey we need things like this up in Ny when we get 12+ inches of snow. It was very appreciated and seemed to be of good quality.
Just the right size and gets the job done. The yellow shaft makes it super easy to spot even in the dark. Love it
It's hard to find this design--most have a small scraper.  My old one broke after 10 years and I was so happy to find this one.  And at such a good price at Amazon.
We haven't had much snow in this area for years but this year was different. We were slammed with snow all winter and I needed a long scraper/show broom to clean my SUV. I am rather short so this item world perfectly. Amd it is strong enough that I can really apply pressure to break the ice and to remove the snow.
Good quality.  Durable and excellent reach.
Using this ice scraper alone I dug my car out of the twin snow storms that hit DC in 2010.  The stores were sold out of shovels and this was all I had.  I used this thing to move about three tons of snow and used it to hoe ice and heavy slush out from under the car.  Anyone who tells you that this thing breaks when they use it has no idea how to use tools.  All tools break...if you misuse them and stress them beyond their limits.  Know your limits, like everything in life.  Pushing and pulling on this device is fine, but don't use the weight of your body to press down on the handle (of course the head will break off if you do this).This thing saved my butt, twice!  It now has many years of service and is in great shape.  Wish they had a replacement head, though, as the scraper is getting a little scuffed up.
I have purchased several of these for each of my children.  The ice scraper is not that effective, but then the brass ice scraper is the best to use.
Our old snow brush broke thanks to my 3 year old dropping it 7 stories so I ordered this as a replacement.Pros: wide brush, long extendable handle, reasonable price and great grip.Cons: the bristle strip on the brush is removable for cleaning or replacement but this feature means it moves a little sometimes while being used. I am concerned that if not monitored, the bristles could come off and the plastic edge might scratch paint.
Product Specs in ad say broom is 36.97x8.49x 13.83 inches wide. The tiny little broom i received is 31 x 4 x 7.5 inches wide. This is unacceptable.  It would be like removing snow from your car with a hair brush.  However, Amazon refunded me and didn't even want me to send it back.
Ok so this is made in the USA using US and foreign components, but it's still made in the USA!!!  I can see where the weak point would be in the head of this scrapper, but it's 10 bucks.  I bought two.  One for my vehicle and one for my wifes.  The telescoping feature works great and MAN is it long.  You just loosen the sleeve nut, slide it out to where you want it, then tighten the nut and go to scraping.  When you extend it ALL the way it can pivot a bit where it slides, but slide it back an inch or two, retighten and you're golden!I believe if you don't use it as a hammer and beat on the ice, it'll work just fine.  The one bad review I see here makes no sense to me.  If it wasn't right, send it back for credit or a replacement.  Amazon has a great system for that.  DUH!Oh and mine didn't come as solid black.  It had a black head and gold rod which is OK because I live in IA and am a Hawkeye Fan... lol
Something very needed this past winter, Just wish the metal pole was a little stronger or a heavier wall diameter.
I hadn't even used this ice scraper 10 times before the handle snapped off the head. The review by Wayne proves that this isn't just an occasional problem.When I used it, the blade worked well on the side windows, but not on the windshield for removing frost. Since I don't have any experience with ice scrapers, I can't compare. The brush is really nice for removing snow and scraped off frost. But save your money and find another product, because this ice scraper is too expensive to have it break on you so easily.
It extends enough to push the snow off the top of my suv!  I only wish the brush part was wider to pick up more snow in one swipe.
Great tool for removing snow from your car.  Not so good for ice.  The head broke off when trying to remove ice from the car and I don't think it was designed to withstand use as an ice scraper.
Great tool.  The bristles are soft enough to run across the paint w/o much concern, and the scraper does a great job removing ice from the windshield.  Feels good in the hand and seems to be well constructed.
Then they wanted me to box it up and send it back. I can understand on more expensive items, but I'm not wasting my time over $ 11.90. I've had the wrong item shipped to me that were three times this much and company, actually apologized and said keep the item for your trouble ??? I guess this company needs the $11.90  more than me.Ship what you have pictured in your ad, or don't waste my time or money.  I understand mistakes happen not a problem, but don't penalize me for your mistake. Not Happy at all !!!
Good
Definitely the way to go. I've had club before that feel flimsy for a lower price. This is the best option when it come to club, from its materials to its functionality. Easy on easy off.Preferred this to a boot simply because it's easier and cost less. I can leave my car parked outside with more confidence it will be there inthe morning, unless a professional car thief wants it that badly :)GREAT PRODUCT!!!
Bought this for my 05 Liberty. It applies very easily and does not leave any scratches or marks on the steering wheel. The bright red color makes it a good visual deterrent for thieves.
Our son parks his car in his inner city college parking lot all day so it was needed to prevent the car from being stolen.  So far it has worked.
Does what it's supposed to do !Second one I've owned.. They keep the honest people honest. I would recommend this product !
I bought this to replace my old Club, which was over 20 years old, but still worked like new. Unfortunately, my son broke my last key in half. The new Club is a little shorter than my old one, but long enough, and I love that you can now lock it on your steering wheel without using the key, which saves time getting out of your car. I realize that thieves can cut your steering wheel to remove a Club, but my philosophy is to make my car harder to steal than the next one.Update: I bought two of these Club originals, and afterwards one Club LX for my three vehicles. While the Club original is good, the Club LX only costs a little bit more, but it is a much better product. The lock on the LX is a high security type that can't be picked, and the construction is heavier duty.
And I am sure it is a theft deterrent, but it was purchased as a gift, and it seems to be working so far.
I actually bought &#34;The Club&#34; for my son as he has to park his car outside at his place of employment andhe also parks his car outside at his home. I personally have been using &#34;The Club&#34; for years and nothinghas happened to my car. I use &#34;The Club&#34; even if I have to go into a store for one minute. My reasoningis, if I come out and my car has been stolen, I would never forgive myself for not using &#34;The Club.&#34;I realize that if a pro wanted to steal my car, it would be stolen regardless.The club is for the average every day amateur who wants to steal your car.It has been a great deterrent.
Does what it says and is noticeable from outside the vehicle. I was more concerned with how visible it will be, if someone wants my car there going to take it, this is a good deterent
I'm very happy with my purchase. I was a bit intimidated that it would be hard to use but it's very simple.
Great product, arrived sooner than expected, which is always a pleasant surprise. Easy to use and remove. It's bright red, so its been a good visual deterant as well.
Club reviewI have a Toyota and they are given to auto theft.  I am pleased to have the club for added protection
The club arrived in a very timely manner and was just what I had ordered. I will definitely order from this buyer again.
good price and good quality well made for  the purpose of keeping you vehicle secure should not worry about leaving your vehicle alone  thank-you
The club is just what we needed for my sons car.  It will help him feel safer about parking his car in a school parking lot.
Sirs, I have used the Club in my Vet to provide extra protection from thieft.  It works very easily and stores well in the floor beside the passenger seat. Glad I bought it!
Simply the best one has to offer for security for such a reasonable price. I recommend buying this product for your car's safety.
I have nothing to say but that The Club Steering Wheel Lock is easy to install and remove.  I would recommend it to anyone.
Very pleased with purchase!!This is the second one I've purchased for my antique International cabovers.Great protection,very visible,even give insurance deduction for being a theft deterrent
After a few years of use the Club's lock cylinder broke apart... while it was locked on the steering wheel. After trying to pick the lock and then taking a hammer to it in order to free the steering wheel, it took a locksmith and $125 to succeed in removing the Club.
I use it faithfully, otherwise I would have never purchased it. Makes a great deterrent for car thieves and is built enough to be used in self defense.
I bought The Club almost 2 years ago after a freind of mine had his car stolen from a trailhead while rock climbing in the Cascades.  This has happened a few times at recreational areas around here.  I didn't want to get stranded, and figured if I had The Club, theives would move on from my car to an easier mark in the parking lot.  I only really use it when I park at trailheads or in unfamiliar neigborhoods.  Is The Club effective?  Who can say.  But it's easy to use, and 2 years later, I still have my car.
My 2007 Mitsubishi Outlander ES (base trim) already came with an active car alarm (together with engine immobilizer), so it wasn't necessary for me to get the Club.  But I sometimes park it in a not-so-good neighborhood and putting the Club on makes a kiddie thief think twice about breaking into my car.  The Club is solidly constructed and it's very easy to use - no key needed to extend and lock it on the steering wheel.  Many people tell me a thief can break it in 30 seconds, but a couple mechanics, and the cop living across the street from me, says it's quite an effective deterrent.I don't give it five stars because when it's installed on an airbag-equipped steering wheel, it's placed horizontally, and because the handle is long and heavy, it puts a lot of weight on the right side of the wheel.  I just don't know if this is going to cause long-term misalignment of the steering wheel.  Not a big deal, and I'll just turn my steering wheel so the Club sits vertically, but it's a concern.  Second, the instruction sheet is terribly written, likely by a non-English speaker.  Third, the guarantee is only for $500 and only good for the first 12 months, plus you must return the registration cutout within 5 days of purchase (I got it from Amazon via overnight shipping).All in all, I think the Club is a good visible anti-theft device *in addition* to an active alarm system or another, more advanced anti-theft system. Get this original club as copycat locking clubs (one of which I used before on a Geo) definitely don't work.
Somewhere in the mid-80s I purchased "The Club" (original model with bright-red handle). I was worried about getting my car stolen. I live in a high-theft area (San Diego) and I park daily on large parking lots and in large parking garages, the preferred shopping areas for car thieves according to the local police. I read several articles about "The Club" and bought it. I've since used it with two Datsuns (280Z, pickup), two Toyotas (pickups) and a Honda SUV. All were prime theft material according to police reports. Well, after 25+ years in a high-risk area, none of my vehicles were stolen and none showed any signs of an attempt. Was the record due, at least in part, to "The Club?" Perhaps.I was an amateur locksmith in my youth and I tried to open "The Club" sans key. I couldn't. The device is made of hardened steel so sawing seemed unlikely. Sawing the steering wheel would probably be easier. "The Club" rendered the cars useless. I'm certain there are people who could remove a "Club," but it would probably take time and specialized tools. Most thieves would probably shop around in the large lots and garages and go after easier marks. Employing "The Club" probably makes a theft more complicated and riskier. Hence, they probably move on to elsewhere. At least, that's how I view it.About five years ago, I dropped "The Club" on a concrete driveway and broke the key off in the slot making the locking mechanism unworkable. Dismayed, I began thinking about buying another. Then the thought came to me that the real value of "The Club" was as a visual deterrent and that would hold true even with the lock broken. A thief would have to break into the car to discover the broken lock, and he might not notice it even then. So, I've been using it that way ever since. So far, so good.A product like this is hard to rate. Is "The Club" totally effective for me, or am I just lucky? Or is it a little bit of both? If anyone has any worries about auto theft, I wouldn't hesitate telling them of my experience with "The Club." I think that deserves five stars.Gary Peterson
A few months ago, someone decided to take my car for a joy ride. After going through the process of filing a police report, notifying my insurance company and adjusting to not having the convenience of a car; I was notified four days later that my car had been found . The police suggested that I buy and use a Club wheel lock.  I did and now my car is secured.
What is to say . . it's the Club. It's red. And it's the original. Follow the instructions and you will not get arrested for assault.
I use this to protect my Honda vehicle and so far I have not any break ins! But I'm sure that thieves will think twice about getting into my car.
Maybe this on my steering wheel will send the theiving bastards to the next car that doesn't have one. Cheaper than the deductable on your insurance.
This item was on my boyfriend's Christmas list, so naturally, it was ordered.  The price couldn't be beat anywhere else and I opted for the free shipping.  While the free shipping option always takes quite a while, it still arrived in plenty of time for Christmas.  My boyfriend loves it!
Easy to both install, & remove, pretty sturdy, worth the $$. I would Recommend this product to anyone, it's great!
works well, just as it was described. Did not have a problem with the lock and key fitting as other people have complained about.
it is one of the best deterrent from would be car thieves. because it is so visible and take longer to destroy.
Yes, by now everybody knows just cut the steering wheel and remove the club.  The only thing you can hope for is that the thief will see the club and not want to spend any extra time on that car and will go to the next one without the club.  And that does seem to work. I have used it for over 10 years now and never had a problem parking overnight at airports, hospitals, out of the way parking lots, etc.  No, it is not foolproof but it is a very effective deterrent.
I  got it for 2 college grandkids.  I`m sure they will appreciate it being one grandchild had his car stolen.
The club was the original one for a great price! It works great on my F-250 power stroke Thanks again.
My first car during high school was an 1983 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme, and at the time (early 90s) the Cutlass was the "IT" car to steal in Phoenix. So with my car came my first experience with the club. I diligently installed it on my car every time I left my vehicle. I never had any attempted break-ins until 1997, and of course part of the car didn't help. Remember those little vent windows in the back? Well someone opened one of them and unlocked the back door (four-door car). The club was on the car, but the thief tried to get it off by rocking the steering wheel up/down back and forth to get it off. Luckily, they gave up or were spooked, I don't know, but I still had my car! Didn't help though as the steering wheel was damaged and had to pay for the repair. Fast-forward to 2011 and four vehicles later, I have never had any problem with the club, no cars stolen. I do admit I get the urge not to install it on my current car, but I would have no other way of obtaining a new vehicle if I lost my current ride. Oh, and SIZE does matter! If you have a truck or van, make sure you get the TRUCK CLUB, there is a difference, the one for a TRUCK is HUGE and is too big for a car! How long does it last? I have had my current club since 2001-2011 and will have to replace it because the lock fell off. 10 years! I would say that is not bad and I would recommend you try it OFF YOUR CAR before putting it on for the first time. Try some WD-40 on the lock if it is hard to work, give this product a chance, especially if you don't have the cash to replace your car or truck. My neighbor has an alarm and doesn't use the club and someone still stole his truck and went on a joy ride and totaled it. Yes, the insurance paid for a replacement, but what about those who only the minimum insurance needed? The type that doesn't cover theft? TO ADD--if you can afford it and can find someone to do it, think about getting a metal collar for your steering column, the place where the jerks go on the older cars to steal them. The car I have now (96 Buick) came with a metal collar installed when I bought it at a used dealership. It covers the steering column so those punks can't punch the column. If you have any comments/questions, just reply. Good luck!
I live in a very high risk area for stolen vehicles and so far so good.  I am aware that these can be used only as a deterrent for amateur car thieves.  The professionals are aware that these are kind of useless but they have so far been a wonderful deterrent for my purposes.
I have to preface my review by saying that I think my experience with The Club was unique, but nonetheless it was an awful experience. I bought The Club because I park my car on the street and rarely drive it. I didn't want my car to become a target, so I thought purchasing The Club was a great idea. Before putting The Club on my car, I read the directions and tested the keys. The directions were simple and the keys worked, so I went ahead and locked my steering wheel. I left my car on the street for 3 days, but on the fourth day I needed to move it for street sweeping. I went to unlock The Club and my key would not work!  I tried the other key and it also didn't work. My key just stood jammed in the lock unable to move or turn. After fiddling with the keys for 15 minutes, I had no choice but to leave my car on the street. Consequently I ended up receiving a $48 parking ticket. While at work, I googled different solutions to my problem and I got a few suggestions. I came home and tried the various tricks I read about, like pushing in the ends while turning the key, and still the key would not turn. I even had a few other people trying unlocking it, hoping that it was just me. But after two people also failed, I had no choice but to call a locksmith. The locksmith came and tried unlocking it as well and even he was shocked that the key would not work. The locksmith ended up having to cut The Club off my car. And sadly, the locksmith cost me an extra $200. Admittedly my car did not get stolen during the 3 days I had The Club, but having a product that also prevents you from driving your car is hardly helpful.
Excellent product...last night a neighbor's car was broken into....with the club ours was untouched. Happy to have it...bright red and very visible to banditos.The Original Club Steering Wheel Lock - Red
The Club works very well to deter amateur would-be car thieves. It's easy to use: just place it over the steering wheel and pull. It locks automatically when it's at the right length for your steering wheel. I like the red colored Club because it makes the Club stand out; and when it's easy to see thieves may well think twice before trying to steal your car.The keys work well for years; and although some reviewers say their Clubs didn't last so long, mine is over two years old and going strong.The downside to the Club is, at least I'm told, that a professional car thief can cut through it somehow pretty quickly and steal my car anyway. However, I would still recommend this device as a deterrent to car theft; it can't hurt and together with a car alarm system your vehicle should be as protected as it ever could be!Overall, the Club is well worth every penny you spend for it. Mine still works great after years and the red color make the club stand out. The Club is particularly effective when used in conjunction with a car alarm system.
good product; reccomended by my local police station to prevent car thefts. I've been happy with the ease of installing/removing.
I added a car to my family with another teenager driving son I needed another club. Works great, priced right, shipped on time.
My car needed a little extra protection and this is great as long as you don't lose the key. Make sure you get a good keyring for your keys and you are good to go! A word of warning, this does discolor under the windshield due to the sun's rays... it is more of a faded look now, but it doesn't bother me.
improved from previous versions  still a great product  but they do not last forever one older one I have you can no longer lock the key will not turn
I own a Toyota Yaris and purchased this product as a theft prevention device. It works perfectly on it. Whenever I put it on my car, I feel secure knowing that no one can steal it.
After a month the key and lock froze up. Tried everything WD-40 trying to take pressure off the lock . Ended up cutting it off with a hacksaw.I was surprised how easy the metal cut. Not sure what to buy next.
I bought this exact model lock for my steering wheel less than a year ago from a well known auto parts store chain.  Last week, while locking down my steering wheel with this lock, the entire locking mechanism broke off from the shaft.  After it broke, I was lucky that I was able to remove the club from my steering wheel.  Whats worse is that I took good care of the steering wheel lock.  I do not recommend this very poor quality product.
I used this same model of Club when I lived in Harlem, NYC for 8 years and parked my car on the street every night. The thieves got off with several sets of directional lights, but they never took the car.I keep one of these in the back of my truck now for whenever I have to leave it somewhere for a few days (like at a trailhead).After locking my keys in the truck a few years ago, and then seeing the guy from AAA "break into" my truck in less than 3 seconds, I have no illusions about how secure my truck is.It is disappointing to read about people's keys getting stuck in their clubs, but in about ten years of using these, that has never happened to me. I do keep multiple sets of spare Club keys in different locations "just in case". And, if the worst case scenario did happen and I couldn't get the Club off, I could just hang out with a hack saw for awhile.I agree 100% with the reviewer who wrote about "hardening the target". If they really want your car, they're going to take it. But most likely they just want a car, and they are going to go after the easiest one to take. Having one of these jammed in your steering wheel will keep your car off the "easy pickings" list.Um... and if you ever needed to defend yourself, having a heavy steel rod on hand might be useful.
I gave this to my daughter for a gift and the key would not fit the lock cylinder. Now it has to be sent back.
Just today some loser broke into my van and popped the door and ignition lock and almost got away with my van. But i had the basic club on the steering wheel. And yes he was prepared with a hacksaw to cut the steering wheel. He first tried to pick the club lock or break it but failed, He then cut into the steering wheel but either got spooked or just gave up. The Club did what it was intended to do. It saved the van from being stolen. Total damage to steering wheel and locks with repairs and new Club and Club break lock: $1500.00. Cost of van with tools $40,000.00.
good product although it is a little longer than my original one.  I like the idea that you don't have to use the key to lock it but only to unlock it.
I bought it almost one year ago and it works great so far. My parent think this kind of lock will make your car safer. So I guess you have to believe that if you want to buy it.
My 1996 honda was stolen from my drive way and when I got my new car I wanted to get a little bit more protection not make it so eaZy to take so i decided to give this a try its eaZy to put on and take off. Thanks again amazon for great pricing and this item arrived early than expected:).
I bought the Club steering wheel lock as a second layer of protection on top of the car's manufacturer alarm system.  This is the second Club I have owned.  The Club is light compared to other models, which is good when you put it on the steering wheel and the light weight minimizes the damages to the car's alignment.  It fits nicely on various steering wheels.  The Club probably won't scare off auto thefts if they really want to steal your cars, but my thoughts are at least with the Club locked thefts will think twice and make it slightly harder to steal the car.
I love my club!  My car had been broken into so many times that it was getting so frustrating, and nothing was ever really stolen out of my car!  Since I've been using my club it seems to deter people from even breaking into my car, plus it gives me a little peace of mind knowing that my car will not likely be stolen.  It was a little annoying at first to have to put it on and take it off, but I'm so used to it now that I don't even think about it and it takes all of 3 seconds to take it off.
I purchased one of these twenty years ago when I lived in Boston and used it for six years with no trouble.  This new one I purchased for my 73-year-old mother and she has used it successfully for a month now.  Seems like a great product.
Time will tell how much I love it.  So far, so good and hope to keep it that way. A++
This is a very sturdy High quality steering lock it worked great with my car, well worth the money I paid. I would highly recommend this product and I would purchase again.
This product the job it is meant to do, and it is easy to use.
This club is hefty but not too heavy which means it's usable. It's bright red color means it is easily seen, making it a deterrent to those who might covet my new car.  The key hole in the lock is large enough that one can insert it without looking (the instructions say to face it away from the driver), although it is a little difficult figuring out the orientation of the key at first.  Overall, I am very satisfied.
The original - and insurance companies often give you a discount for using one! Solid, secure, simple.
Pros: Strong and firm; easy to use.Cons: n/aI highly recommend this product. This is a good purchase to protect your car.
Works great! Arrived quickly! Hopefully a small deterrent for the bad guys that may just move on to the next car!
I am using my second Club, now. I tossed my first one because the rubbery red plastic had aged and was nearly all peeled away. When decluttering my house for sale, I came across the keys to the old Club and thought I would try them on the new one. They fit like my glove goes on over my hand! I wonder how many different sets of keys there are, if any..?
Warning!  The lock on this is cheap junk and you could end up with this thing stuck on your steering wheel.Don't worry, if this happens to you there's lots of options:An expensive honest locksmith, a very expensive dishonest locksmith, let your car get ticketed or towed away, an all-nighter with a hacksaw, or a few intense spark filled minutes with some type of an electric cutter (careful not to melt your dash or upholstery)Hopefully while you're doing this fun work you won't be interrupted by your local PD demanding you show your hands and step away from the vehicle (hope that saws all doesn't look too much like a gun a night) then having to show id and explain what your doing, which I guess beats the alternative of the local hoodlums waiting for you to finish and then relieving you of your wallet and car and possibly live.Don't bother calling the company, they won't help you and they don't care. They already know there's a problem, mustn't let a few folks left with hundreds $$$ in damages or without a vehicle trouble their profits They won't even bother asking you if you'd like a refund or a replacement (as if).
Do you own an older Honda, great cars right well it will get stolen if you don't take precautions the car parts are what they want.So I got this for my daughters first car, and she uses it all the time. She knows money don't grow on tree's and neither do cars when you don't have much take care of what you have.
It is exactly what I needed I can warm my car up and not worry about it being stolden it is so easy to use
I purchased the club soon after buying a new car. Within three months my car was stolen. It was a very small window of time  between when it was stolen and I discovered it missing. The thieves used my car jack to bend the club and take it off in less than five minutes. This product is a waste of time and money.
I have used this product in the past on a couple of my new cars and they have always worked for us, so when we help my son get his first new car last month the first thing I got him was a club for the steering wheel and explain why he needs to use it. Well now he understand the why and also wants to protect his investment.
Information that was given to me was that out of the thousands of cars stolen in Seattle, the only cars that had a Club were rare & targeted cars. So, once I got my new Honda I knew I had to get myself a Club. It is quick and easy to use, very satisfied with the product. Looks nice, great quality, I wouldn't go with any of the knockoffs. This one has some very good protection from freon lock breaks too.
This brush is perfect for cleaning the terminal posts and connectors of my golf cart batteries. I don't use it for tires, so I cannot comment on that feature.
I'm glad i got this grease gun I tried the kind with the lever and they are a 2 person job I can do this by myself
Oops, can't say anything about this brush because I received the wrong product.  The one I received was a HEAVY DUTY brush for velour upholstery, rubber mats and carpet.  I was afraid to use it on my upholstery for fear it would shred it.  Had to send it back.
Not too abrasive but durable enough to get the job done. I will repurchase this same item when the one I have now wears out.
This product is 2.5 inches long.  I was expecting a large readout clock.  Extremely disappointed with the false advertising.  This is exactly the type of experience which makes me not want to purchase products online.  I could have purchased a similar product at the dollar store.
Having two golf carts in our household it was time to make an on board purchase,we find the clock face very large and very easy to set up,and mount.
Our car clock broke and this one fits just right on the dashboard without taking up too much space, but still easy to see.
The clock was about 1/4 the size that I thought I was getting.The blue background shows only if you push a button, so it does not read at night, which is what I bought it for.  All in all, not happy with the clock.Barbara E. Helm
Needed a lager clock display in car. This fit the bill perfectly. It works great and pretty to set up.
I like the clock very much but I can't find the instruction manual and I need to reset the clock., Can any one help,either by telling me wherre to get a manual or telling me how to set the time.
I bought this stick-up clock to put on the dash of my car.  The "info center" LED display in my car went bad, and it was driving me nuts not even being able to see the time (I can do without the temperature, radio station and the date, but not the time!).  This little clock fits perfectly on my dash!  If you push the button the display lights up with a blue light.  My only complaint is that I wish the light was a bit brighter.  Other than that, it was just what I needed.
It is not back lit all the time.  I am not sure how to reset the time.  It is not obvious and I no longer have the instructions.
I have this mounted in the back cabin of my boat.  It's easy to press the button to light it up, and it's plenty bright for viewing the time but not so bright that it's annoying at night.  Working perfectly for what I wanted.  Numbers are large and clear.
This clock is exactly what I was looking for. I have an old 1966 truck that I wanted to put a clock in. I have been to many auto parts stores looking for an easy to read clock that had a large display. I also wanted it to have background lighting so I could read it at night. I had no luck at all finding was I was looking for until I found this clock on amazon. This clock is perfect for my needs. It is easy to program and the display is nice and large. It is easy to read from all angles in the cab of the truck. Reading it in the dark is easy too. You do have to momentarily push the top right button to make the back-light come on. If it was back lit all the time I'm sure the battery life would be pretty short. It does come with strips of velcro and screws for installation. I just glued a small magnet on the battery cover and stuck it to the dash. A lot of older vehicles have metal dashboards. If you are looking for clock to stick up in a small place that has a decent display. I think this one is for you.
If you are looking for a product with some level of quality, don't even remotely consider this item. In fact, just take your money and go into your bathroom and flush it down the toilet. The end result is the same and you get instant gratification. The worst product I have ever purchased on Amazon.
This clock has worked perfectly since I bought it two months ago -- never had to adjust the time since I set it originally.  The display is easy to read from a wide variety of viewing angles and the light, which comes on for a few seconds when you press one of the buttons on the right, makes it readable in the dark.The base looks gray in the product photo, but it's actually flat black.
I wanted a battery-operated clock that I could easily read in the dark.  I was attracted to the large numbers and the backlight of this clock.The large numbers are great - if you're looking at the clock pretty much head-on.  Contrary to what other reviewers have said, I cannot read these large numbers even at 15 degrees off center.The backlight looks great in the photo - but in a darkened room it is glaring - VERY bright.  You absolutely MUST view it head-on when lighted (the slightest angle will completely wash out the digits), but the brightness of the light makes it uncomfortable to look at.  And when lighted, the numbers are a pale blue (not the high-contrast black numbers pictured on the product page).  You activate the backlight by pressing either of the buttons on the right side of the clock - but the light it comes on for such a brief period that your eyes don't have time to adjust to the glaring light.  I have to press the buttons two or three times to be able to glimpse the time.Very disappointed.
This clock is lit, so you can read it at night.  It's a nice design.  But as far as being a good clock for your car, it kinda sucks.  I had to reset it every couple of months because it consistently ran slow, even after changing to a fresh battery.  Also, it simply will not stay put.  Take a sharp curve, hit a speed bump, slam the door, and the thing flies off it's flimsy little slide and falls on the floor.  Normally I'd tape it down, but that wasn't feasible because I kept having to go in and reset the time.  All in all, cheap product, could be a lot better.
Great product. Does exactly what I need it to do.  I do wish the back light would stay on a little longer though.  Not really a whole lot of complaints here.
This picture of the clock is misleading.  The back illumination is not on all the time.  Only lit briefly and in a normal mode it is too dark to read 6 feet away.I gave it a one star for the size.  Save your money.
Love this clock! I need a small clock but need it to light up with a touch if needed and this one fits every bill. Sturdy little clock to. Takes a beating without fail.
It worked for the first few weeks, then the time started falling behind. Then the backlight stopped working. I tried 2 new batteries, made no difference.I wanted to return it, but the Amazon return window has expired. From 12/28/11 to 2/3/12, just a little over a month. So the thing is useless.I suggest getting a different clock.
I was looking for a replacement digital clock for my old car after the LED lights in the car's original clock failed. After much searching on-line, I purchased this clock and mounted it on the dashboard. It's very lightweight and has a nice big screen. It also illuminates with the touch of a button. I liked it so much I bought one for my sister, whose car clock had also failed. She's delighted. Very much recommended for those who want a small digital clock without having to purchase unwanted add-ons, like an AM-FM radio.
I bought this clock for my daughter who was complaining that the dashboard clock in her car stopped working. I wanted one that would light up and this was the only one I could find. It lights with a touch so it's not on all the time. The numbers are large and readable. We mounted it to the dash with Velcro right over the non-working clock. She is very happy with it.
It was well worth the cost and was simple to install. I would recommend this product to anyone that need an accessorie  clock.
The only way you can see what time this clock displays, is if you look straight ahead at it. If you move the clock up or down, or left or right, the display 'disappears'. Even if you light the background. I'm sure this is because of the lcd display design. Good luck with this clock...
Purchased this clock because it was basic and had a backlight.  Backlight works that's a yeah.  Numbers show but time doesn't advance.  That's a nay....  To say the least it's junk.  Overpriced for what you get.  Try and find something else from wal-mart... Purchased in December started using in January and failure in March...
Since the small digital clock in my car is usually hard to read due to sun glare, etc., I was searching for a clock that I could actually SEE when I'm in my car!  This item is perfect!  The numbers are large and easy to see, and with the push of a button, there is a backlight for night time use.  I am very happy with this purchase and would definitely reccommend it to others!
I had one of these in my old motorhome which I traded in and couldn't find one anywhere locally. Glad to find it on Amazon. I have it mounted in the bottom of a cabinet directly above our heads when in the motorhome bed. Works perfectly. A light touch on the edge illuminates the clock for a few seconds to read the time at night.
Good inexpensive solution for a golf cart. Large numerals are easy to read, and it's handy to have the bluish backlight when it turns dark outside. Main problem is mounting because the back panel slides off too easily-- and that's where you usually want to attach the included mounting tape or some velcro strips. Need to tape the panel door shut to prevent the clock from falling off.
The clock looks great and is large enough to see from everywhere in the vehicle.  However, when the battery is inserted it makes a high pitched faint squeal, and is intolerable while driving.
We have a "very fancy" after-market navigation/sound system in our SUV, but unless you have something on, there is no time display.  Drove my husband nuts & he wanted to trade the vehicle in for this reason alone!  I found this little item on Amazon and it works just great!  I attached Velcro to the back and mounted it on the dash.  The display is bigger than the time display in the sound system, so it is much easier to read.  My husband loves it & it works perfectly.  I wish the item had been shipped a bit quicker, but it did arrive very well packaged, and in the time frame allotted. Very satisfied customer & I would highly recommend.
False advertising -- should have listened to the other reviewers. The clock I was sent does NOT have any background lighting. If you press any of the buttons, you don't get a light either, you just end up resetting the date and time. Very disappointed. I could have saved two bucks by buying a similar clock without lighting, since that's what I got -- NO LIGHT WHATSOEVER, automatically or manually.
I stuck this on the wall right by my bed so I can see it at night. I just push the button, and it illuminates green. This is perfect for a dark bedroom if you do not want an electric clock illuminating the room all night.
This is the first car clock I've had that hasn't popped off and fallen on the floor after the first couple of months. It's got large numbers so is very easy to see and only takes a quick swipe of the finger on the edge to light up if you need to see it in the dark. The only thing that was a challenge about it is that it's a little wide, and it was hard to find a spot in my car where it would be at a good angle to see easily and there was enough flat space with no other knobs or dials where I could put it up.
Still works and its been over a year.  Perfect for replacing the defective Toyota clock in the car that will cost a few hundred to fix.
The description for this clock is Large Lighted Readout clock.  However that is not the case.  The clock is so small and you can barely read the time.  The light only stays on for 5 seconds with the push of a button.  I would not recommend this product.
This little clock is perfect for my toolbox at work. It fits great inside the top lid and the back lit feature is great.
used the velcro to mount in the bathroom. It ran for 2 months, then ran slow, then it stopped. Not worth the $10.00 price.
I bought this for my motorcycle, intending to mount it behind the windscreen.  The clock's case has a slide-off piece on the back that can be screwed in place (screws and double-stick tape provided), then the clock slides and clicks onto that.  The mode and set buttons are on the back, protected by the mounting plate.  The only thing you can bump on the front are the big illumination buttons.Once set, this clock will not get bumped off it's settings.  Easy to hit the backlight with gloves on.  Big and easy to read at a glance.  Good-looking, too.  Uses one AAA battery (also included).  This clock is well designed, and it turned out to be a great value.
I must say that I can't quite understand the folks who didn't like this clock. The case is 3 1/2 inches long by about 1 3/4 inches high,......and the display numerals are almost a FULL INCH tall. It's easy to set, and can mount with the provided tape or screws. You simply touch the right side and the blue light illuminates the dial perfectly. The black case is nice looking too. Keeps perfect time also. The display numbers are huge,...... and can be read from across the room. Highly recommended.
I bought this clock to stick to my bedpost so that in the middle of the night the time is just a simple touch away. Lights up easily and stays on for the perfect amount of time. Love it!
Made to stick to your dashboard or stick to something else.  Does not stay illuminated and not worth more than $3.
I am a church organist.  The clock on the console "died" years ago.  I need a small clock with a large, digital display and easy-to-replace batteries.  This one is just right.
The clock seems to be as advertised and is working well. However, the mounting plate was missing and I would like to know if a replacement is available.Stephen Robison
This small digital clock is now applied to my golf cart so I can keep track of time without wasting time. Great product formy purpose. Has been working for a couple of months, no problems.
This little guy is just what I wanted.  I have a 2001 CRV, and the clock just stopped working.  This item fit over the existing clock and looks decent. Quick fix.  The item gets 4 stars because the display would probably be hard to see in trucks where you would be sitting way above eye level.  Also, you have to push the clock for it to light up (this makes sense or the battery would die fast).. it is a little hard to do while driving :)
If you're looking for a clock for the dashboard of an older vehicle, this is the one.Easy to read, touch a button at night and it instantly lights up. Great product
I don't know if this thing is great or not great. I suppose it will depend on whether my car is stolen again! After getting my car back from its week-long vacation with the bad guys, I locked it up tighter than Fort Knox. I have this thing, the Shield and a brake lock.  Hell, even the guy that used to sleep in my car doesn't go in there anymore. So for now, five stars. Frankly, if they cut through all of that, there is clearly nothing I can do, so why worry? If nothing else, I do sleep a lot better at night.
This is probably the best you could wish for.  I felt my SUV was absolutely safe.  I've used "the Club" for many years, until I lost my last on in a car fire.But if you get this one, as I did as a replacement, don't lose your keys.  Winner does not offer replacements or even blanks so you could go somewhere else to have them made.  If you lose your keys, you are SOL.  I've lost two over a period of time.  Since I have only one left, I am afraid to lock my wheel.  So I won't lock it, until I get another one; one for which I can get replacement keys.  Visit Winner's site, and go to the contact us section for verification.
Easy to mount and take off.  Locking mechanism turns smoothly and will engage/rengage quickly.  Keys cannot be duplicated by local locksmith so you have to be careful with the two that you get.  Solid construction with a heavy feel.  Unknown effectiveness on theft deterrance.  I figure it forces the thief to cut the steering wheel adding 10 seconds to his job.  My insurance claims adjuster and local police recommended that it be used in conjunction with other devices and not the sole means of theft deterrance.
I want to use the device, but I have run out of means to try to protect my steering wheel from getting damaged by the sticky rubber coating the device.  When it sticks to the coating on the steering wheel it pulls the coating material and causes surface damage.  Additionally, the weight of the long end applies too much pressure causing a dent in the soft surface of the steering wheel.  Its a brand new car, so its not the fault of a deteriorating steering wheel.Also, the packaging has a tiny sticker which notes that California has recognized a component in the product as causing cancer, and then goes on to recommend washing your hands after handling the Club.  This is not noted anywhere in the Amazon description.
I like everything about it except the ease at which it exends when you are handling it before installation.  When you pick it up from either end it easily extends and locks requring you to unlock collapse and install.  It would be better if there was a snap or quick release button to keep the unit from Premauture Extension.
My car was stolen with the Club deployed. There was no evidence that it was the Club was dismanteled in anyway. The stering wheel was intact. The police had no explanation. Theories- master key being circulated, defective product, aliens? My insurance company told me that they are a waist of money. I will never buy this product again.
It's been in constant use for the past 4 months. Very saisfied with it's ease of use & quality build. Have been using this in the Chicagoland area on top of the Python alarm with pager/remote. For me it's provided an extra sense of security. You can never be too careful. It's a very small price to pay to ward off would be thieves. Highly recommend this product.
This part came in in a timely manner and was packed well.  Not sure the packing would matter since this thing looks pretty tough.  My Jeep wasn't been stolen so I guess it is working fine.  I do like that it collaspes down fairly small and fits nicely next the the seat.  Looks like it could be used as a weapon if need be!
After my aunt and uncle had BOTH of their cars stolen out of their driveways in a very nice Connecticut neighborhood, I decided it was definitely time to get The Club just for some added security.  This item is very secure and I really feel comfortable after I lock it up on the steering wheel.  I park in a city parking lot everyday - and it used to make me nervous that I'd get out of work and my car would be gone.  Now, I can go into the office, or go out at night in the city and it's relatively secure.  This was a great purchase and the shipping was extremely fast!
With The Club I feel super safe. No way my car will vanish while I am away !!!
I've bought 2 of these clubs in the last several years when they were on sale. I still don't understand how it stops someone from driving, but for $30 it gives me a little peace of mind. I would not pay more. The first one failed after 3 years. One day the lock mechanism just broke. The second one has worked fine for about 4 years now, cross my fingers.But the warranty and their "guarantee" are a joke.Their product warranty is only 90 days, that doesn't speak highly of the quality.Their "guarantee" is: if your car is stolen with the club attached within 12 months, they will pay your insurance deductible if you have a claim. But ONLY within 12 months of purchase. After 12 months, if your car is stolen they won't cover you.So if you can get one on sale or with a rebate, it's worth it for peace of mind. But if you can buy a better one for the same price, with a better warranty and insurance guarantee, I would get a different brand.
I have owned both the older version and newer version.Very high quality and reliable.Would recommend
I've used one of these for 20+ years and I haven't had a car stolen yet -- and I live where car theft is a cottage industry.
The old style club like this is much easier and a all around better club than the new ones that you can buy at any auto parts retailer...  Some things should not be "improved".
This is no better than the rest. Bought 2 for my ATVs and they worked for 2-3 months. They crapped out were thrown in the garbage. Money wasted.
If you want to keep track of time while delivering a presentation or performance from behind a podium or a music stand this is the perfect clock for you.How I know they are great is that they keep dissapearing!  People love them.You won't find a more ideal clock to place in front of you as you go through a session.
1. They say it's 5" wide. Wrong. It's 2 1/2" x 1 1/4"2. They say it's lighted. Wrong. It's not.3. Big numbers are easy to read but the clock is not lit and it is extremely difficult to set the time on it.
Nice large digits.  Easy to see while I'm driving.  The time seems to hold very well.  I set it once 8 weeks ago and haven't had to touch it.  Battery seems to be fine also.
Works fine. Just what I expected.  Easy to see. Large readout. I would recommend this magnificent device to anyone.  BP.
I have been using this product for 5 months. It hasn't lost time at any point, and seems to work just fine. For a cheap plastic clock, it meets my expectations.
This clock works great and appears to keep accurate time.  It doesn't have a light, but I don't believe it stated that it did.  Good little clock
Stuck it on the dash in the car and if works just fine in the high summer temperatures of a parked car.
I bought this for my car, because the clock on my stereo system is too difficult to access. I stuck this one to the console dash, and I can glance down and check it any time. Wish it had a light function, but size (large enough to see but small enough to not obscure dash instruments) and cost were my priorities (along with accuracy, of course).
The size of this clock is perfect... but it will not keep time well.  I have owned it for a few months now and keep having to reset the time.  Not worth the hassle.  Off by over 5 min. per month.  Bummer.
Received in record time. It is just what we needed for the kitchen. We had broken the previous one so this was a great replacement.
You used to be able to find these small digital clocks in the automotive section of Walgreens, Target, Auto Zone or similar stores.  Apparently with the prevalence of digital clocks in cars and on phones, this product disappeared from most brick-and-mortar stores. Amazon to the rescue.  I find it handy to velcro one of these to the bathroom or bedroom mirror to keep track of the time as you are getting ready for work.  It's one of those small things that you don't realize how much you depend upon it  until it's gone.
Yeah, the description is off. They have it confused with another clock. However I've been using this model on my estimation clipboard for the last ten years. It's always worked great. You can set it to blink the time and the date. I dropped the clipboard and now it won't display correctly. I'm ordering two. For me, it's perfect!
The item shown on the web page  I chose did NOT arrive as shown. I decided NOT to pursue this and tollerate the frustration involved. Next time... send the item AS SHOWN!!!
I ordered this based on the negative reviews that the dimensions listed were incorrect. They were correct, the actual size is 2 1/2" x 1 1/2". This is just the size I needed. It is not back-lighted but easy to read.
I use this calendar clock in my golf cart.  The large readout makes it easy to see and record the correct time and date.  I leave my clock set to alternate display of the time and date.  Sure makes my Handicap Chairman happy to have the correct information recorded on my score card.
I needed something for the dash of my John Deere Gator so I could tell the time.  This little clock served the purpose well.  Just attach some velcro to the back and stick it on the dash.
Complicated to set time. Within a couple days the time was always off. I would advise going with something else.
Stuck it to my dash in my Vibe with velcro .. keep the hot sun off on hot days.. doesn't hurt the clock but the Velcro drops it. It doesn't have back light but my rear view mirror has lights that shine on it at night.. Buy a vibe to solve your vision at night! Amazing car.
The clock did not keep time from the  day I got it. I bought a new battery (cost almost as much as the clock) and it still did not keep time. Like I said &#34;piece of junk&#34;. My wife bought the same clock at O'reilly's Auto Parts and it works just fine so far.
Perfect!  I use it in my classroom by the sign in/sign out station, and it's an easy read for my students!
This is a fine little clock! Seems to keep time pretty well display is big and it's easy to read in the daytime. I wish it had a light for night time use but I did buy it knowing full well it did not have one.
After couple weeks, parts of the numbers went away . Making it very difficult  to tell the time on the clock won't buy another one
This digital clock works exactly the way I thought it would but wish it were longer, height is perfect.  Appreciate the fast shipment.
we have a small food trailer.  Space is precious.  This little clock has been such a relief, not having to find your cell phone to see the time.  Showing the date is an added plus.  We love this clock, it is easy to read, and has been very accurate.
I like this product.  The only problem I have with it is I keep this in my shirt pocket instead of wearing a watch and on occasion the buttons get pushed and it screws up the settings.  I will trouble shoot this issue when I find the time.
Doesn't keep time - not even close. Which means you have to change the time - something it makes  very difficult. Worthless.
I love this clock. I could figure out how to adjust it without instructions and it alternately flashes time and date if you want it to (and I did).  It is also large enough to see from a distance.  Functional and simple. If that is what you want buy it now. Oh, it's also inexpensive and comes with velcro mounting squares or a metal piece you pull out so it stands up. It has a timer function and an alarm. Not that I use either.
This is the best little clock to put in odd places - you can stick it or lean it anywhere and the readout is big and bright.  I would highly recommend it for price and ease of use.
Exactly what I was looking for--Great to due buisness withsmooth trasaction and now I can see time fly!!!!!Thanks so much,Rich
I got this to replace what I think was the prior version of this clock, which lasted me 26 years.  So I have great hopes for this one.  Anyway, it's just as described, big display, love that I can get it to alternate date and time, and so far so good.  Oh and I received it the day after I ordered it....
I needed a small digital clock for my dashboard. The CU073360 turned out to be just fine. The numerals are large and easily read; the clock takes up a minimum of space on the dashboard ; and the adhesive keeps it stuck in place where I can easily read the time.
states the clock is 5" x 4" x 1"......it isn't.  it is only 2.5" x 1" x .5"......for $8.00??!!  I DON'T THINK SO!  it is a piece of cheap chinese garbage.
This clock was supposed to be 5 x 4 x 1 inch-it's about 2 1/2" by 1" by 3/4". I bought it for my car but it's not large enough!
Ordered this clock for a bathroom cabinet so I could get a quick read on the time. This clock loses about 1 min a week, and the battery cover doesn't stay put. I do not recommend this clock.
Large digits, about 3/4&#34; high.  Good contrast and easy to read.  Setting isn't difficult, once you figure out the rather arcane button pushing sequence.  Once that's done, though, it just runs....
Great item, great price, prompt shipping, am completely satisfied. I use this clock in my bathroom. It comes with double face tape making it easy to attach to my tile. Would recommend to others.
I received the impact wrench in a very timely manner. I have used it several times and have plenty of power to spare. This is going to save me hours in the future on those typical "one bolt" that causes hell with each project
Just got it today.  So far it looks good.  I put oil in it and torqued off a lug nut first thing.  no problem.  Tonight I took off a car wheel in about a minute. I am pushing this using a small 2 gallon pancake compressor and running 100 foot of hose from my shed out back to the front driveway.  Has 375 lbs of torque! This definitely seems like the best deal for the price.As usual, Amazon Prime was fast shipping!!If anything goes bad I'll update this.
I have an older Campbell that seems to work much better. This one eliminates a lot of air and my 20 Gal compressor has a hard time keeping up with extended use. The power rating may be off, because I find that I still have a long way to go to tighten lugs to spec even using this at full pressure.
Great tool
Showed up in new condition and functioned well so far. I think the torque rating on this might be a little low but does what I need it to around the house. You better have a good compressor to run this thing with 6+ CFM on it or you will spend a lot of time waiting for your compressor to catch up.
This product was shipped and recived on time,really out preforms other impacts costing much more,lug nuts on car could not break loose with 1/2'' breaker bar tire service tightened at to high of toqure no problem for this impact. I asked the tire shop what they set their toqure at the guy said much higher than spec. there wrench is 480 ft lbs. this impact had no problem. Seller shipped it ASAP. would reccomend to any one,
Just received these today to discover a warning sticker on each jack stand stating that the paint used on the stands is lead based. I wasn't expecting top quality given the price, but lead paint in 2014? I would go with another option if I had of known.
This is the worst product I have ever purchased from Amazon. The gauge is not accurate and I had to modify the tool to make it fit the tire valves which is why I didn't return it. Luckily it was not a very expensive item.
The 2-way tire chuck on this unit appears identical to the one shipped with the Coleman InflationMate compressor that I have. It won't last - I use the compressor to keep the tires up to proper pressure on my two cars, and the chuck became useless in approximately 100-odd uses due to deterioration of the rubber seal in the head. Get a good tire chuck and a good tire gauge, and you will be better off.
It's the best for the price and product quality. I have one five years ago and is still in good condition
I've used this several times to fill my car tires with air when the weather changes.Very easy to use and very affordable.
Very powerful 18 volt cordless impact driver.  I use it all the time on farm equipment, change the blades on lawnmowers, rotate tires etc.  Very useful product.  I would defintely buy again!
Very good tool,I would buy it again, if needed!
I have a lawn service. I use it to take the blades on and off. IT WORKS. I don't have to block the blade to remove the bolt. I like anything that makes maintenance easier and faster. I've been using it for years so far. Nothing has gone wrong with it.
Was a little concerned about the real power of the Tool. Ordered it anyway (tired of compressor, air hose and noise of airtool). Charged up batts and zipped of lug nuts torqued to 150lbs no problem. Small enough to use just about anywhere, battery is actually larger than power head. Compared to air tool not noisy at all, and much more convenient. I use it for just about anything I would use a ratchet for. I don't depend on this tool for final tightening of nuts/bolts, I use torque wrench. Sure makes things quicker/easier, I hope it likes getting greasy!!
My company sells and erects Behlen curvet buildings.  A building 100 feet long has over 6000 bolts in it.  We take 2 (two) of these impacts out with us on each job.  The batteries last about 400 bolts (very good).  These two impacts have gone with us this year on at least five jobs.  They have set over 40,000 bolts and we have had no problems.  We love this tool.
YEA! No more striped screw heads.  Driving 3" screws into 2 x 4 studs without stripping out the screws is wonderful.  This tool makes the job quick and easy.  Driving sheet metal screws is a breeze.  Wouldn't trade this tool for anything else.
Bought this for my other half and it works good for many things in the garage.  Goes great with the cordless drill.  Love DeWalt.
Excellent tool for driving deck screws as well as removing corroded bolts.
Overall quality is good, but definitely not a dump cart. I bought this to haul behind the ATV to pick up manure and the last thing I want to do after shoveling it into the cart is to have to shovel it out. My husband had to put a different latch on it because the original did not hold up. Nothing worse than going down the lane and having the damn thing let go with a full load. He also raised it up on the frame 4 inches so it would dump better. It helped, but the scoop design on the back just holds everything in unless I back it up so the thing hangs over a hill.It may work for firewood and other general chores, but it is not at all user friendly around a farm being used for what I bought it for.
I bought this trailer for my wife's November '09 birthday, and we were at first impressed. We used it mostly for bringing in small loads of firewood from our own woodlot with our ATV. Our trails are mostly grassy or leaf-covered, and not unusually rough. The ride on the ATV is fairly comfortable. The original tires on our 2004 ATV are still holding up well. Our second ATV is even older, and its tires are fine also. However, the tires on this trailer simply disintegrated after a season of use (we don't use it during the snow months). They have no brand name and just say "made in China". They have tubes in them, and the tires cracked and split exposing the tube beneath. There appeared to be no dry rot. The current model at the big box store where I purchased it had another brand of tires on it, and it appeared to be a tubeless tire from the look of the valve stem.So, after trying the store w/o a receipt to no avail, I E-mailed the company. After sending them photos, the response I got was "We have determined that this is not a manufacturer's defect." They would not make good on the two $40 tires.Don't buy this trailer. The company is bogus w/ respect to their warranty. They do not stand behind their product.
This trailer works as advertised and seems pretty stable. I also purchased it with the tandom wheel option that is good for the rougher terrain. A little pricy, but better than the sheet metal type (so far) - this replaced a sheet metal one that I previously had. The dump feature is a little awkward - the back lip of the trailer set flat on the ground when in the dump positions so you manually need to remove a lot of material from the back of the trailer. I purchased it more to haul wood and brush, so that is a small negative for me, but maybe not for others. I gave it 5 stars because it does what it is suppose to do as advertised and I like it a lot better than those flimsly sheet metal kinds.Note: Some parts and accessories are made in China. I expected different as when I researched it, I saw it was an American manufacturer.
The product claims to be non-toxic but does not list the ingredients on the label. I found a report by The Dirt on Cleaning Chemical Companies. They publish a report card on products and here's what they say about Sunshine Makers Inc./ Simple Green: Their product ingredient disclosure received a D+; their responsiveness to consumer concerns received an F; their toxic chemicals screening process received a D+; the toxic chemicals in their products received a C; the number of cleaning products on the market was 15; and the number of products that contain chemicals of concern were eight. The chemical of biggest concern cited by WVE is 2-butoxyethanol.A report from [...] about 2-butoxyethanol says that it is a suspected:Cardiovascular or Blood Toxicant, -Developmental Toxicant, Endocrine Toxicant, Gastrointestinal or Liver Toxicant, Kidney Toxicant, Neurotoxicant, Reproductive Toxicant, Respiratory Toxicant, and Skin or Sense Organ Toxicant.Not such a "green" product after all.
It's easy and quick to use and takes off grease with ease.  Our boat needed some mechanical work and black grease was smudged on our white seats.  No scrubbing necessary.  Came off with Simple green with a normal wipe leaving no evidence of the black grease.  Smells good.  Would definitely recommend and will buy again.
CLEANING: I find that the Simple Green All Purpose Cleaner, works pretty well, when used on things like counter tops, floors, electronics, and other equipment. Just a few sprays is all that is needed, and then I wipe them with a rag, or use paper towels. I like using this cleaner because it has a good scent to it, and I don't have to worry about getting sick using it, as it is non-toxic.My workshop door had not been cleaned in 10 years, and as such, it was pretty dirty and grimy. I used half a bottles worth, spraying the door well. I let it sit for 10 minutes, and then I shot it with the garden hose. This stuff works really well, you should have seen all the dirt draining off the door!IN THE BATHROOM: I use Simple Green All Purpose Cleaner, for everything in the bathroom. I clean the sinks, mirrors, and counter tops, and the product works well. I will also clean the toilet with it. Though I am aware that companies make these crazy special products for cleaning toilets, I think they are overrated. Just spray 8 to 10 squirts of simple green into your toilet bowl, let it sit for 5 minutes, and clean using your standard toilet scrub brush. Always works well for me, then I squirt some on the outside of the toilet bowl, and clean with a rag, works great!What is the hardest thing to keep clean in the bathroom folks? That's right, the public shower! Don't you just hate it, when no matter what you do, the shower gets grimy and icky? I grab my trusty Simple Green, and spray it thoroughly all over the shower, and let it sit for 5 minutes. I then grab my shower scrub brush, and scrub it down well. Then I turn on the shower head, and rinse the shower down. Guess what? Looks pretty clean to me. Did I clean it with a special bathroom cleaner product? Nope, I used Simple Green!
This is an incredible product.  I use it mostly for cleaning my wheels.  I'll spray some on my wheels before I wash the car and it takes off nearly all traces of brake dust.
I have used this cleaner for many years.  I don't bathe in it or consume it, and I avoid breathing in ANY spray products; cleaning, beauty, or other.(This isn't aerosol, just spray; but you can also add it to a basin or bucket of water, because Simple Green is concentrated and can be used straight or diluted down to 1:30 dilution ratio, depending on what you are using it for.  I usually use it straight unless I am running out of it and then I start diluting it by adding some water.This stuff works just as well as most of the reviews state.  It also kills ants on contact. I just found this out last year when I read a tip on ant control. I get carpenter ants every spring. You do have to spray it directly on the ant; and it stops them in their tracks.I guess it could have some ingredients in it that might cause some concern if you were planning on eating it, but it is pretty non-toxic.  I have birds (Parrots) who are like my children; and if anyone knows anything about Aviculture then you know that you can use almost NOTHING around birds for fear of killing them.  I haven't had any problems with the use of this product around the house. Naturally I avoid spraying it close to their cages or in close proximity to them; but I do not use ANY cleaning product around them except vinegar. I can use Simple Green in the next room with no problems.  Most cleaners I would need to put the birds in a room with a tightly closed door with a towel at the bottom crack to prevent exposure.It leaves a nice clean smell especially in the bathroom.I will continue to use Simple Green because it works and is not as toxic as some of the other cleaners.BTW, I think there are some totally non-toxic, organic cleaners out there (like Seventh Generation, etc), but they are a lot more costly.
I looked for a non-toxic cleaner. I bought Simple Green. Then i found out - Simple Green uses SLS.-----CORRECTION / EDIT:  While some Simple Green products do contain SLS, I have discovered that the All Purpose Cleaner does NOT.  Those wanting to confirm this for themselves can find the data sheet here:[...]----SLS is a xenoestrogen and I already have fibroids and estrogen dominance. SLS is Not safe, and they use it anyway.Worse, the excuse they use for it is insulting. Is SLS carcinogenic? No, they say. But xenoestrogen exposure is a factor in estrogen dominance, and estrogen dominance HAS been linked to fibroids, cervical cancer, breast cancer, adrenal exhaustion, adrenal fatigue and related subsequent issues such as fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue, hypoglycemia, hypothyroidism leading to insulin resistance and then diabetes, and more.I specifically researched and spent money for a "green, non toxic" cleaner, only to discover they use this known toxin.You're better off cleaning with vinegar and baking soda!
I bought this to use on a stainless steel outside grill. I've been using it in cold weather, when the metal's cold, and it takes away all traces of grease, handprint, and other residue with one good wipe. I've been pleasantly surprised at its strength and ease of use.
I've been using this stuff for years - a great alternative to all the new "green" cleaning products that are coming out, this one is an excellent old standby. For those wondering about the smell, it smells like green apple (not at all offensive). It's also pretty easy to find in your local Wal-Mart or whatever. Love the stuff. Would be interested to learn how one reviewer used it for laundry - I use it for floors, countertops, etc. I just yesterday let it sit overnight with some water in our trash cans that had gotten stinky. They're fine now!
Cheers to Simple Green for being effective and easy to use. But jeers to Amazon for selling a spray bottle of this stuff for three times the price that can be found at Home Depot. When I saw $15 for a spray bottle of Simple Green, I knew I had not paid that much for my previous bottle. I was going to order it here but decided that the price seemed a bit outrageous. So I made a quick trip to Home Depot and found it for under 5 bucks.
This product works great!  We use it for cleaning anything greasy.  When a drop of oil falls on the garage floor, you just spritz, let it sit for a minute & then rinse away.  Cleans the grill, gets the soot from the gas fireplace off vinyl siding, bicycle chains come clean, etc. etc. etc.  Works great at removing oil or latex paint from your hands, paint brushes, etc.  I keep a small bottle of this handy at my scrub sink for cleaning greasy/dirty hands.  Some people with sensitive skin may experience irritation but I did not.And it doesn't stink!
I LOVE LOVE this product...I always try new stuff and dont end up liking it..I always go back to using Simple Green-this is the Original...the other types of SG are not the same..just stick to this one and you will be okay..I use it in the fridge(inside and outside), the stove top, to clean all areas of stove, all my appliance get cleaned with this...Also, works in stinky trash cans! It takes the smelly, rotten smell out of trash cans...let it sit for like 10 mins and your gonna have a brand spanking-fresh smelling trash can!!I clean my bbq with this SG...the grills and the outside...works great on any grease --it just dissovles...
Simple green when sprayed on r/c car tyres after running on a clay track, then wiped off eats away at all of the oil which will give you longer tyre life and more traction. Just make sure to wipe off all excess. It also cleans the cars themselves. Just wash your hands afterward as they will be green and taste like lemon juice. Love it!
I use this to clean basically everything around the house.  It works for that.Shop around a bit for the price, it changes on Amazon fairly often, and you might be able to find it at your local brick-and-mortar store for cheaper.
I love the scent, I love that it is biodegradable and nontoxic.  I use this degreaser product on my bikes, on floors, in the kitchen, in the bathroom.  It cleans just as well as Fantastik or any other all-purpose spray cleaner.
This review is being written 12/26/2013 for the Simple Green 13022 All Purpose Cleaner. 22 oz. by Simple Green, sold by third party vendors who advertise on the Amazon website.This is an excellent product.  However, I would recommend either purchasing the one gallon concentrate locally and using your own spray bottle, or purchasing this spray bottle locally at a much lower price.The product itself is an excellent general purpose cleaner, except for glass.  It is relatively safe and non-toxic which is a plus.Even though I cannot downgrade the product just based on the high price set by the third party vendors, I hope that the title of my review alerts the consumer to this issue.
Simple Green All&#8208;Purpose Cleaner Concentrated is a non-toxic, biodegradable all-purpose cleaner with a sassafras scent that I have used for many years with great success. It is concentrated and can be diluted for light, medium or heavy use (see directions below). Best of all it can be used indoors and out on any washable surface:*Bathroom: countertops, bathtub, toilet, sink, showers and fixtures.*Kitchen: coffee maker, oven, countertop, dishwasher, drain, garbage disposal, garbage can, range hood, stove-top, vent, appliances, cabinets, and microwave.*Indoors: carpet, toys, window blinds, ceiling fan, highchair, fireplaces, tile, floors, walls, and laundry (removes the toughest stains including dirt, grease, oil, coffee, juice, lipstick, and blood)*Outdoors: engines, garage floors, driveways, tools, BBQ grills, grease filters, car exteriors, bikes, sports and exercise equipment, motorcycles and campers.DIRECTIONS FOR DILUTING Simple Green All-purpose Cleaner Concentrated:*LIGHT STRENGTH (for non-greasy, lightly soiled surfaces) - add 2 Tbsp. Simple Green All-purpose Cleaner Concentrated to a 32 oz. spray bottle and fill the rest with water*MEDIUM STRENGTH (everyday strength) - add  cup of Simple Green All-purpose Cleaner Concentrated to a 32 oz. spray bottle and fill the rest with water.*HEAVY STRENGTH (for stubborn soils, heavy grease) - add 2 cups of Simple Green All-purpose Cleaner Concentrated to a 32 oz. spray bottle and fill the rest with water.FYI - Simple Green All&#8208;Purpose Cleaner Concentrated and Simple Green Concentrated Cleaner Degreaser Deodorizer share the same formula. Also, Simple Green has recently partnered with a major discount department store to sell a pre-diluted form of the concentrated Simple Green All&#8208;Purpose Cleaner called "Ready-To-Use Simple Green All-purpose Cleaner" which they say they did to "make your life easier". I find it just as easy and much more economical to buy the concentrated form and dilute it myself.PRODUCT INGREDIENTS (from material safety data sheet - year 2013): Ingredient Percent by weight:Water - 85 %Ethoxylated Alcohol - 5%Sodium Citrate - 5%Tetrasodium N,N-bis(carboxymethyl)-L-glutamate - 1%Sodium Carbonate - 1%Citric Acid - 1%Fragrance Proprietary Mixture -1%Colorant Proprietary Mixture - 1%POTENTIAL HEALTH EFFECTS (from material safety data sheet - year 2013):*Eye Contact: Not expected to cause eye irritation. If adverse effect occurs, flush eyes with water.*Skin Contact: Not expected to cause skin irritation. If adverse effect occurs, rinse skin with water.*Ingestion: May cause upset stomach. If ingested, drink plenty of water to dilute.*Inhalation: Not expected to cause respiratory irritation. If adverse effect occurs, move to fresh air.*Medical Conditions Aggravated by Exposure: Dermally sensitive users may experience dry skin.
Mirror is great for viewing tubers and skiers and is not too wide like others. The plastic bracket is a little flimsy and creates some shake on the mirror. I could not find anything better in this size with a quick removal from the windshield. Bigger mirrors were sturdy but blocked too much of my front view.
I bought this mirror, but it won't stay on.  As soon as the boat starts bouncing, the set screw backs out and the mirror falls off.  If you are able to drill a hole in order to mount it permanently, this would be a nice mirror.
Mirror appears to be strongly built and should last a long time. I plan to clamp over top of my windshield, and all the required parts came in the box. Shipment was received quickly, but I ordered black and got the white one. Called Overton and they promptly sent me a replacment without hassle. Great company and great product.
I bought these at a brick and mortar, and they're terrible. As the other reviewers have mentioned, they leave streaks and blotches everywhere. Gross.
its was something i was looking for, i liked it, and i would recommend this product if you are into something like this
Wipes left streaks all over dash. Don't buy them, you'll have to go back and wipe everything down again. They did a decent job at cleaning, but not worth the hassle.
I bought these at a store because they were cheap and I thought armor all would be a good product for every day interior cleaning. I've had all the splotching and blotchiness others mentioned and I feel like my dashboard looks WORSE after use than it did before I applied. Super disappointed as I just want an easy way to keep my new car looking clean. Would definitely not recommend this product AT ALL. I haven't tried warm water yet but I really hope it fixes the problem as my dashboard looks faded and old now.
Like others have mentioned, I should have read the reviews first! I thought this would be a simple purchase of a convenient product to help keep my new car clean. I used a wipe as directed, and it left streaks all over the dashboard. The streaky residue was then difficult to remove. Unfortunately, these are going straight to the trash. (I'll recycle the plastic canister!)
I like these wipes for shining up the interior of my car. I didn't experience the blotching that the other review expressed. I use the "cleaning wipes"Armor All Cleaning Wipes  25-Count Plastic Canister (Pack of 6)to clear off all of the dust and dirt first, before I use these "Protectant Wipes" and that seems to work well, leaving the car looking clean for a decent amount of time.My only complaint about these is that they usually dry up before I get through the whole bottle of wipes. The cap isn't the tightest closing lid I've ever seen (and I'm sure the Florida heat doesn't help, though I usually store them indoors).Overall, however, I do recommend these as you can get several cleanings out of them, and they are much cheaper than paying someone to detail your car for you. I also use the glass cleaning wipes for the windows and windshield:Armor All Glass Cleaner Wipes  25-Count Plastic Canister (Pack of 6)
Intuitive, easy to use.  Make your own cables and save some $$.  There is a "key" that I had to rig up a string to the inverter to keep the two together--not a big deal, but helpful.  Can also be secured (easily) in a trunk/back of SUV/Minivan for camping, tailgates, etc. Good engineering.  Quieter than others I've had.
its exactly what it it appears, i'm 170 and fits me good, provides a good angle and three weeks in appears to be holding its shape, deffinetly has helped eliviate some of my back pain that occurs when sitting, does sit you up pretty high using in the car seat
I sit all day in front of a computer and this makes my back so comfortable.  While others are complaining about their backs I'm doing just fine.  I haven't tried it on a long trip but I will.  I highly recommend this product.
Helped a little bit while driving the back pain just moved to a different location I would not tell a friend to buy it I would just let them use mine and see how it works for them
The Tush Cush is an AMAZING seat cushion that is ideal for any office desk job situation. It is great and works fantastic for anyone with back pains that needs to sit at a desk all day long. This has LITERALLY been a lifesaver for me and has made sitting for long hours at a desk MUCH more bearable.If you are wondering about the firmness of the cushion, it is VERY firm, which I like a lot. I bought a cushion once before that was much like the Tush Cush, but not as firm. So, if firmness is a must for you, this is it.I ride on the NYC subway every morning and carry it with me to work everyday. It's very durable and can take the wear and tear of traveling constantly.Fantastic product! Highly recommend it! Look no further for a great cushion!
Recommend this for exceptional comfort. I use this cushion every day after I broke my tail bone.  Nothing else has worked for me.
I ordered the original tush cush after reading all the reviews thought it would be the correct one and there was no need to order the xxlg.  Well it was way to short and only came up half of my upper leg.  the concept and cushion seemed nice for driving long distances.  sent it back for full refund, have not decided if I want to order the xxlg or not.  Be sure to measure and see how it fits your "tush" before ordering.  I have tried many different cushions and hope the right one is still out there somewhere!!!
Just arrived yesterday.  Seemed to relieve some of the pressure on my tail bone as I used it.  Not to hard or to soft.  I weight about 180 lbs and I like the size of it.  Seems like a good purchase.  A little costly but when you're in pain I suppose the cost doesn't matter much.
I am writing upward 13 hours a day and you need every advantage to save wear and tear on the body.  This really does.  It supports your spine without pressure so you are able to sit for longer periods with your spine being out of alignment.So if you have to sit for long periods each day, you might want to check this one out.
I'm using this to help with my herniated L5-S1 disc.  It has helped me greatly at work (sitting for over 8 hours/day), and has really helped on long flights.  It helps a little in my car, but props me up a little too much (head hits the roof).  It won't stop back pain completely, but helps me sit for longer with less pain.I'm 6'1", 190 lbs.  I compresses a bit when I sit, but not too much.  It is the right balance of soft and firm.
I don't know how this expensive pillow works. but it really does.  No more pain sitting  on the driver seat. Amazing
What a life saver.  I fell and bruised my coccyx bone and there was a lot of pain, this cushion was the perfect fix.  The healing process was about five weeks, but I'm convinced that the "Tush Cush" helped to releave the pressure and it definitely helped the pain.
I have had this cushion for over a month now, and it has held up well. I use it at the dinner table and on the sofa to watch TV. It really does a good job taking pressure of my tailbone.
Due to surgery, I have a bad left knee.  This pad helps me keep my posture and alleviates much pain.
good width for a larger butt, improving my posture and back pain, the hole could be a little smaller, it is still firm after 1 month daily sitting for several hours.
I purchased this for my 93yo grandma who was getting a sore from sitting so much. She seems to like the cushion, and her sore is going away (with the help of some prescription cream, as well).
As I'm sitting in this "tush cush" while typing to you right now, I can tell you that the product is not all that it's cracked up to be. Your butt still gets numb and achey over a short period of time in an office chair. I was hoping the cushion would be a little more comfortable. When first sitting in your chair, it also takes a while to get everything positioned, as it is either too far back, or too far to the right, or too far to the left, etc... I give it two stars for adding the slightest amount of cushion to a new office chair, but people thinking about purchasing this product would be much better off getting a larger memory foam or gel-pad chair cushion. Hope this helps.
This is a quality cushion that stays firm and does not lose its shape.  Gave it to a family member and it relieved his lower spine pain so that he was able to sit whereas he had been virtually unable to before using the cushion.  Highly recommend!
This is the second one I've purchased and they are the best brand to get.Highly recommend. Loved that they were on sale.  They hold up beautifully.
Cushion was purchased as a gift for 92 yr old who needed additional support in his chair.  This cushion is made well and is firm enough that it raised him up and gave him more support.  A foam egg crate cushion was being used which did nothing at all for him.  This cushion served the purpose.
I can sit without having a backache when I rise. The cushion has improved my comfort level tremendously. My only request is that a smaller size be made for the kitchen stool I sometimes use.
But still works great for me sitting at a desk for 8 hours.  My previous Tush Cush was a little softer so breaking this one in.
It provided a much needed cush for my tush. It hasn't started breaking down yet either. Get back to me in four months.
The Tush Cush is exactly as shown on my iPad. I am pleased to say that it suits my need .
Nice size seat and comfortable, would recommend to professional drivers for long term comfort for long periods of sitting behind the wheel
I orderedOriginal Tush Cush Seat Cushion - Large Navy Bluesold by "The Ink Link" and fulfilled by Amazon. Instead of the 14"x18" original Tush Cush that's listed, they sent me the 13"x15" Car-Cush instead. Amazon took the return easily enough, but if you order this, make sure you get what you ordered.
This cushion is very firm. Not what I was looking for unfortunately. It is also very short. It doesn't cover the entire seat of my chair.
My therapist recommended buying this for a lower back problem and she was so correct in recommending this product.  I use while driving and makes a big + difference.
This didn't work at all for me.  I had a tailbone injury but the angle of this seat just caused my thighs to hurt.
This reasonably priced hose is exactly what I needed to finish several old OMC tanks I have restored! If I need more, I know where I'll be buying it from!
Great item we couldn't ask for any thing better out of this item works great for what my husband needed it for. Thanks
If the ignition system is old and engine has high mileage, this coil can inject some new life to the whole. The brand is a warranty for outstanding quality. 45,000 Volts of output can solve a lot of problems, and is fairly superior than the stock coil. Recommended.
Demoted 1 star because it is made in China.  That said, it has been reliable for 2,000 miles on my 1979 Fiat Spider.
My mom &amp; dad bought this roadside kit for me to keep in my car since I'm away at college for most of the year and on my own.  Thank heavens they did because I was stuck on a highway just last week.  I put up the SOS flag and within a few minutes, a good samaritan stopped to give me a jump start using my Barbara K jumper cables.  The guidebook in the kit is very informational and helped me understand many things about my car.  I love my roadside emergency kit!  I will recommend it to all of my friends.
Having a roadside safety kit designed for women was a such a great idea, it's too bad they had to skimp on quality.  The lantern especially was so poorly made I couldn't even get it to open and shut properly.  The gloves are flimsy, the tire gauge looks cheap.  I was real annoyed at having to pay $9.99 to return this, because it wasn't my fault it was of such poor quality.  My advice ladies: put together your own roadside kit with quality products.
I am truly impressed with the attention to detail that was put into this emergency roadside kit.  I have shopped around for this item to give to my children, my mother and my 2 sisters and have seen nothing that compares to this!  Not only does it look great, but every item in the bag is useful and certainly gives me a sense of calm when I know that my family is traveling on the road. There is a how-to booklet included that tells you everything that you need to know in case of an emergency, including a list of emergency numbers to call when you have exhausted all other options.  Well done and thanks a million Barbara K!
Best present I have received all year! I was stuck in the recent snow storm. With my poncho, S.O.S. banner and jumper cables I was able to stay dry, signal for help with my S.O.S banner and have someone stop to let me use my jumper cables to give my car a boost and get it started again. I was on my way thanks to Barbara K!
I really loved the nice blue and silver case. The items inside are quite handy, and I've have used several of them. The only down side is the poor quality of the fashlight. It does not work, and is a bit flimsy. The kit I purchased for a friend, also has a bad flashlight. I wanted to return the flashlight, but felt foolish about sending back one item. So I purchased a flashlight to keep in the kit. Overall, a good item to keep in your car, and a great gift for friends. Just replace the flashlight!!
bought to replace the original one. looks better and coils up easier than the stock unit. have been using for a year now and no problems
This is one heavy piece. It can be bolted with up to 6 -5/8" bolts...Your bumper will rip off before this thing breaks. Super price, super fast shipping!
A fine step bumber receiver hitch. Had to drill a few holes in bumber to make it work.
A heavy duty hitch with a great price. Bolts not included otherwise it would be a 5 star rating.
Seems to be a sturdy hitch. Easy to install. Need to get your own mounting bolts it doesn't come with any
Grizzly G8734 Step Bumper Hitch ReceiverThe sales transaction was seamless.  The item was received quickly.  My 1st impression was "holy mother of all hitches"!  For it being small and compact, it is built to last forever.  My aftermarket SUV bumper will likley bend before this thing throws in the towel.  The welds and design are good.  The metal is thick.  If I had to find 1 negative, it would be the finish.  The finish could have been applied more evenly.  Great product!
This thing is rock solid, well-made and the price is fair.  For that, I give it 5 stars.Warning:  I attempted to take the cheap route and mounted this to a tubular Wrangler bumper versus buying a new tubular with the hitch already welded in.  First of all, it doesn't mount flush, as the hitch hole presses up against the tube as you fasten the receiver to the mounting brackets.  Second, when I inserted a folding cargo carrier, the weight of the carrier itself started to bend the bumper brackets.  Finally, one solid push w/ my boot and it bent down further.In summary, the product is great if your bumper is appropriate for the mount.  The mounting brackets on my bumper were by no means up to the task of supporting the level of weight this receiver and whatever you are hauling would put on them.  So, be very sure that your bumper is appropriate for this design.
You won't find a sturdier hitch, even if you pay more.  I purchased this Grizzly Hitch and attached it to my bumper and the thing is rock-solid.  The price is great, the product is outstanding, and they have fast shipping.  If you're looking for a bumper mounted Hitch Receiver, there is no reason not to buy from this merchant!
I got a set of three of these (inside, outside, and dividers) and, though their build quality is fairly low, they work.  I'd say they are worth the money as long as you don't expect them to be excellent.  The points are unevenly ground, but align; the thumb wheel can stick a bit in use; and the beams aren't terribly stiff.  Don't expect the precision of a Starrett, but you're not paying $70, either.
I bought a few of these Grizzly calipers (inside, outside, etc). Cheap junk from China.  Will not buy anything from Grizzly again.
Not a bad product...legs are thin and tend to not align when fully closed.  A little bit of machining with a grinder can clean this up a bit.  Only the legs are stainless, the spring, adjustment screw and post, will RUST.  The joint holding the legs to the spring will fall out if the legs are extended too far.  Overall, this is a very cheap product and you get what you pay for.
So far so great!  I've used this with my Freeborn panel raising shaper cutter on about 30 doors so far with no problems.  about half of the doors had arched tops and again no problems.
The collar I bought is way, way too loose on a 3/4 spindle.  My advice?  Don't bother buying anything from grizzly unless you need a boat anchor.
I recently bought this rub collar to run some raised panel doors ,only to find out that it did not fit on my 3/4 inch spindle.. I have a brand new  delta 5hp shaper, funny cause the cutters I bought from grizzly (reversable ogee cutter set) fit but the rub collar that seperated the two cutters did not..  its close but will not seat all the way down the spindle, guess I can try hammering it,lol,  but will never get it  off that way..lol.. I hate to use this quote with grizzly caue I'm usually verry happy with there products but ya get what ya pay for.. thats probably why amanas set was $50 more.. I even bought a seperate collar by it self thinking it was a flute but that one was the same..Now that I think of it its woodstock that makes that collar not grizzly but they should not be putting on there cutter sets..its way to tight ...Ill try and send it back now if I still could..
This set is definitely a big step up in quality from working with a square and a tape measure, but has a couple of drawbacks.  All the pieces arrive individually wrapped, most packed in oil to avoid corrosion, and appear generally to be of pretty good quality.  The ruler measures as finely as 1/64'th of an inch, but you'll be better off using the caliper (which, along with the micrometer, works great) for fine measurements.  While I am mostly happy with the set, I have one minor and one major complaint.  The minor issue is that attaching the square beam, protractor beam, and center-finding beam to the ruler is rather finicky and time consuming -- it takes me several minutes to swap something out.  The more serious issue is that the protractor beam, in spite of have a pair of locking screws to hold the angle, 1) doesn't hold the angle even when locked and 2) doesn't rotate smoothly when unlocked - it grates.  Nevertheless I'm reasonably happy with the set for the price, and have managed some rather fine work using it.  I'll be curious to see whether corrosion becomes a problem over time.
The caliper: excellent.  Measures outside, inside and depth, locks to act as a gauge.  Ditto for micrometer, though I don't really use it that much.The combination square sees use almost constantly.  The rule is very nice.  Markings are etched and easy to read.  All heads have very smooth faces, and a confidence-inspiring heft.  Center head, in addition to its main purpose, also makes and excellent saddle square.  Unlike with other reviewer, my protractor head rotates smoothly when screws are loosened, and holds tight when tightened.Attaching the heads to the rule IS a bit finicky at first, since one has to hold the screw just so in order to align the tab that goes into rule's groove - but after a bit of use, you develop a 'feel' for it.
I actually only wanted a little bit of this stuff, but the brick they send you for $30 is pretty huge.  I'll probably have this for the rest of my life.I don't use this stuff in any sort of professional quality so I'm afraid my review is going to be fairly unsophisticated.  I purchased this to buff some scratches out of a polyester-finished piano bench.  It did the job very well using a cotton polishing wheel and a power drill.  Actually getting the stuff on the wheel was a bit of a challenge.  Are you supposed to heat it up?  I don't know.  I didn't.  I was not able to completely remove the scratches because I didn't want to polish the finish off, but the bench certainly hides the scratches better now.I imagine this stuff would also work quite well on automotive paint finishes, but I wouldn't recommend any laymen to try.
My husband had been wanting one of these as he had one when he was younger and loved it. It looks just like the pic online and works great!
Awesome tank!  I put a gallon of solvent in the tank, flipped the switch, and started cleaning my AR15.  It reduced the cleaning time significantly - probably by 50%!  Anyway, the tank is high quality and works as advertised.
I bought this a while back and it works great it fits nicely in my Toy Hauler/Shop, only thing I would do is turn down the pressure of the pump a little
I used this in my basement workshop with some Simply Green cleaner.  Works beautifully.  I've cleaned my stainless exhaust tips, wheel bearings and bolts.  Great for handling small cleaning jobs.  Very portable and easy to empty.
Good product that gives superior performance!Just a reminder,  if you are going to use chairs, they tend to sink into the pad causing difficulty moving around while sitting. So you have to pick up any chairs to move them around while on this pad.Otherwise works as stated!
Feels great on your feet and a lot cheaper than the name brand ones.  I love it in my Kitchen!
The mat looked blue/gray in the photo but actually was almost black - way too commercialized looking for a family kitchen. It wasn't cushiony as expected. I don't recommend it for inside a home.
Got the Grizzly Anti-Fatigue mat while training for a marathon. My feet and lower body were really feeling the wear and tear of miles pounding pavement. Standing at the kitchen sink for several hours each day doing dishes and preparing meals was just getting painful since I'm one of those people who is always barefoot at home. The mat made a big difference right away. Well worth every dollar, in fact I feel I got a great deal. Such a small expense for so much benefit. Wish I could say this for all the other gadgets I own that are supposed to save me time and effort!! Cleans up easily, some people may not care for the black but toss a rug over it if it's a problem for you. Kitchens are meant for work - people whose kitchens are too neat and pretty make me suspicious HAHA
When this product arrived I expected it to smell strangely for awhile.  A review I read on this site mentioned this.  My product had no ordor to it at all.  I myself am very satisfied with this mat.  I would recomend this product to anyone.
Let me tell you, I am not handy but after hours watching the video I was able to do it.It is very rewarding.
HAVE HAD THIS REMOTE START UNIT SINCE YEAR 2000 AND HAD IT 'PROFESSIONALLY  INSTALLED' on my wife's 1999 FORD Eddie Bauer EXPLORER. It worked  fine up until around the time that ethanol gas got introduced.Now since it is so hard to start a car that is cold and with ethanol gas it no longer works on a cold car . Only one that has been previously driven and warmed up. If I WERE TO BUY ONE OF THESE NOW I would stick with an OEM MODEL.MY WIFE'S KEY FOB FINALLY WORE OUT IN 2012. try getting a new one... dang near impossible and all these internet ones look like yours but unless they have the specific frequency they will not operate your unit. Like other's have said you will be on hold for hours trying to get through to company by phone and unless you have the serial number of the circuit board or other pertinent information that is on it [and that panel is located in your dash somewhere]  there is no sense in calling them. The info they need is NOT on your old key fob.
I've used design tech products fo over 5 years and probably put at least 5 in my family cars. The only problem is there tech support isn't what it used to to be. There is one company that took over most of the remote starters and the tech help isn't as good. I tried a bulldog for my son's wife's car and the quality isn't near Design tech. I've had them in vehiciles over 5 years or more without few problems. Caution if you installing on some of todays cars you need to purchase other products to get around the security systems. You still need a key to steal the car or a professional thief. An electrical back ground is needed to install this product. They have a good color chart for wiring. Frank Nielsen
I installed this unit on a 2000 Honda Accord 4 door about three years ago (did it in the freezing cold!).Installation took a good solid 10 hours (I work slow and like I said, it was freeking cold).Worked from the first press of the button right to this very day.The remote fob does show some wear on the surface but the buttons do not and work just fine.We did have to purchase an additional part to accommodate the Honda ignition key scheme with the micro chip imbedded in the key head (extra 25 dollars for the extra key, 20 dollars for the box to read it).We routinely carry three small children in this car (all under five). Having the car warm and secure when they go to get in makes a huge difference in how safe and comfortable the transition into the car is (we do have extreme cold here in Nebraska -20 is not uncommon).Good starter.Installation while not easy is do-able.Has lasted under continuous use.###
I am a single mom and I am not handy. I decided over a weekend to give it a shot and try to install a remote starter in my car. After hours of watching the video and taking notes I started the process, I was very intimidated at 1st but I was able to do it at the end.I am very happy about it.
I have a 2005 Ford Ranger.  I bought this unit and fully read the instructions before starting the install.  After that I began searching for the right connecitons on the steering column and connected up the unit.  I went online to find the correct placement of the wires and downloaded a printout.The unit installed well, worked fine after initialization.  Came with a video that really helped in the installation.  I find the range on this unit to be super.I have no complaints.
The unit is well built. Very good manual. anyways.. it says that the remote will work in a 1000ft range but, I don't think mine does. (May be line of site will work) Every time we turn off the car we have to turn off and on the unit to activate the one touch start. (but we can program it not to do so.)This unit gives you to contol almost every part of your car.By the way.. the hood pin switch did not work for me.. Simply.. I just throw it away... You don't need to have that.. (If you need that to initialize the unit, just attach the wire to the NEGATIVE port on your battery or just ground it.)Some cars will take more time to install.. I have a 99 Cougar and took me whole 2 days. But worth it.
I am really sad because a really good company like Amazon has this bad quality item. The one that I got didn't work, you better take a good look of what are you selling.
EASY AND CLEAR STEPS TO FOLLOW IN INSTALLATION, ALTHOUGH THE UNIVERSAL REMOTE IS REALLY BAD, FEELS VERY CHEAP...TACHLESS MODE WORKS GREAT, BUT FINDING SERVICE AND TECH SUPPORT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE...GOOD LUCK CONTACTING THEM!
I had this alarm professionally installed by PepBoys (which is DesignTech's recommended professional installer). After the initial installation with all the wiring was done, PepBoys found out that the brain was defective. They confirmed this as well with several tests that they did. After being on the phone with DesignTech's horrible customer service, and several faxes later, they sent me a new brain, and I just mailed out the defective old brain with a prepaid mailing label that they provided. After my 2nd visit with PepBoys, it was the same problem. And yes, DesignTech sent me a defective replacement. Several more calls and faxes later, I got the 3rd one, and that one turned out ok.The features worked fine, and the batteries lasted me a long time. But the fob themselves are made up of really cheap looking plastic (even the silver one). Other than that, it worked fine. I got a new truck, and this time I've invested in an AudioVox system (sold under the Pursuit brand) and I love that everything is so integrated and easier to upgrade. I still had a professional install it and I've never had any problems with it.
Had the DesignTech 23326 system in a Dodge Caravan since 1999.  Finally lost the last remove 11/2012.  Try to find a replacement... their phone line gives you the runaround for as long as you put up with it... "please call back during regular business hours..." uhm yeah this is Saturday 12:20pm, so you should be open according to your hours which you just recited... Many places sell such a remote transmitter [for $50 +shipping - not much less than the entire system cost]... but they claim the one that looks like our remote 23361 is not for our system 23326... different frequencies.  Factory paperwork has nothing about the frequency, FCC number, or anything else that would HELP in getting the correct remote.  At $50 a pop, we cannot afford to guess which remote is correct.  So, great product, but ZERO USEFUL TECH SUPPORT.  Cannot even speak to a person at all.
Item did not work, sent back to Manufacture for replacement. Not sure I will get one.
The Design Tech Deluxe Remote Car Starter comes with excellent features and a compact remote.  The problem is, the item I received did not work.All wires were hooked up appropriately and double check with a test kit.  Once hooked up, there was no response from the unit.  After hours of attempting to troubleshoot, I looked online at Design Tech's website for local authorized installers in the hopes that they might be able to answer my question.Unfortunately the three "authorized" installers in my area REFUSED to touch Design Tech's equipment because, and I quote "they're too difficult to work with.  We haven't had much success."A little alarmed by this response, I attempted to contact the company using their 800 number during their live tech support hours.  After waiting 1/2 on hold with no approximate wait time and no end in sight, I hung up and decided instead to return the defective unit back.
I installed this item on my 2001 Dodge truck shortly after I purchased my truck in Nov. 2000.  I have not had any problems with the unit at all.  My key fob has worn out, though it has seen some abuse.  I installed the unit myself using their instructions.  The install did take longer than I anticipated, but mostly because it sometimes took a bit to find the correct wire in the truck.  In all, it has great features at a fair price.
Had to send back the Car Starter because it wasn't stated that you willalso need a bypass switch that cost about $80 and I think it needs tobe installed by a prof.  I called a prof and he stated it's $150 an hrto work on installing the switch and/or starter.  And the Keyless Entrybuttons looked and feel like toys, very cheap plastic nothing like myFord remote.
I like it, comfortable on the back, and it is well constructed.Good value and good design.Highly recommend it, even despite the kind of whimsical design.
This is the best creeper I have used. It will not roll over tools and cords however it does not flex like the cheap imitations and it works well on a concrete garage floor or driveway. The price is steep but it is made in America and I will gladly pay extra if it means an American citizen can have a job making a living wage. I would buy this again. I prefer it over its big brother due to its size.
Great product -  it was everything that we expected and the price was right!
Creeper seams really strong, looks great. But it doesn't roll like I was hoping it would, my shop floors are smooth and creeper still has a few issues. Other then that..... Great buy.
Have had the creeper for about a year and a half. Sure beater laying on the floor, and moving around under a vehicle is a breeze using the creeper.
I've been using the Bone-ster regularly for the last year. This was a HUGE upgrade from a more conventional creeper with small wheels, which eventually got so frustrating that I looked for alternatives.The Bone-ster is basically a slightly smaller version of "The Bone" model:Dale Adams Enterprises 6031 The B1 Mechanics Creeper. The main differences are a 'grooved' surface (for strength), smaller 3" (vs. 5") wheels, and lower price. The grooved surface is a mixed bag (see below), but I actually prefer the smaller size (easier to put away) - and the lower cost is an obvious plus!Pros:* VERY smooth rolling on concrete or asphalt* Does not get stuck on small pebbles or cracks like most cheap creepers* Extremely stable (another problem when getting on/off most cheap creepers)* Comfortable (I'm 6'1" & 210 lbs)* Solid construction - this will out-last me...* Light & easy to carry* Grooved surface provides good air circulation - Great in hot weather!Cons:* Grooved surface is difficult to clean* No padded headrest* More expensive than alternativesOverall this is an excellent creeper, and well worth the premium over cheaper alternatives. If your work area is rough or uneven (like stamped decorative concrete) then the larger-wheeled Bone or "Rough Rider"Dale Adams Enterprises  7031 The Bone Rough Rider Mechanic's Creeperare probably a better choice. But if you mostly work on relatively smooth concrete or asphalt, the Bone-ster is highly recommended!
After enduring the old wooden creeper with wheels that wouldn't roll and that got hung up on any little spec of dust on the floor I finally broke down and bought a new creeper. I should have done it years ago, this thing a great, smooth rolling and easily navigates around and over lumps and bumps in the floor. There may be better creepers out there, but this is all the creeper I'll ever need!
The best creeper I have ever used. I have a &#34;bone&#34; creeper, and I like this one better. Works great and more comfortable than the full size with the high wheel houses.
The Bone-ster creeper was easy to assemble.  I especially liked that it was made in USA.  The creeper is sturdy and rolls extremely easy..as advertised.
Bought this as a Christmas present for my son-in-law. He was very impressed with the workmanship and quality while putting the casters on. He made use of it the next day, changing the fly wheel in his V.W. Golf diesel. He loves the way it rolls so much easier than his old creeper.
compared to other creepers that I have used (and there has been many) this is a low riding Escalade next to old beater pick-up trucks.I am 300 pounds plus and many creepers fail (even if rated for such) to hold up under the pressure and the few that do have other problems like ripping my hair out or snagging my clothes. This creeper is a dream, never going to except anything less. Highly recommend, you won't be disappointed.
This is the best creeper I have ever had , comfortable and eazy to roll, and now just to see how long it last
This was an excellent buy!  It was a great value and my husband says that it is perfect to work on the cars!  Highly recommend!
This creeper is way better than any of the other creepers that I have ever owned.  It has bigger wheels for better rolling, it doesn't tip over easily when sitting, and it is well constructed.  Like others have said, a padded neck rest would be nice.  If needed, put a piece of foam on it.  No big deal.  It's the entry level model and it's great.  You can get get the next model up if you need a padded neck rest.
Well, all in all I'm disappointed. It's no doubt durable, but then that's what you'd rexpect of a 1/4&#34; piece of injection molded hard plastic with ribs. Without any padding or give I haven't yet decided which is more comfortable, laying on this or the concrete floor. Certainly it's not as cold as the concrete. I'll give it points for that.As to the length; one reason I chose this one was because people said it was longer than some others. Again disappointing. I'm 6' which leaves me with the choice of either my head or ass hanging off.After all the hype, and the relatively high price, I was expecting more. As a kid I made my first creeper from a scrap piece of plywood and shopping cart wheels. After adding a small pillow it was far more comfortable than this. And, unfortunately, with this one there's no place for a pillow.As long as I'm on a rant, let me say something about the construction. At a mere $60 why would I expect the wheels to be bolted on? I was happy to gather the tools together and spend the 20 minutes it took to faster 16 bolts. After all, I've got nothing else to do. What I don't appreciate is a pile of included literature telling me all about the company, their many different products and facilities, etc etc, all the while emphasizing that it was made in America, and then find the caster mounting holes don't line up. Again, run around for a drill and bit to open up the holes enough for the bolts to go through. I'm all for buying American, but not when it's up to me to get the thing to work. Here's some free advice, skip the glossy advertising and put that money into getting the injection mold right.All in all, I'm sure this thing will last a long time, especially after I dig my old plywood one out.Oh, one more word to FedEx; I want to thank you for reaffirming my decision to use UPS whenever possible. I'm up here in rural Vermont. My driveway is pretty long. You can't see the house from the road which is why UPS always puts packages on my front door step. Not FedEx though. I got my package after the farmer from down the road stopped to investigate this big box in the brush
Best, sturdiest, creeper ever!Get one today. You won't be disappointed .Heavy duty, good looking, great set of wheels.
If you do your own mechanic work and try this you'll never go back to the flat, little wheels, uncomfortable creepers.
I bought this product used off Amazon's warehouse deals. the product came in like it was new, but it had a few signs of being used before, definitely not a big deal to me. i was impressed on how clean this creeper was from the fact that it was used.assembly of the wheels and caster is straight forward. if you do your own oil changes, you should be able to install the wheels and caster with no issues, but be sure they are tight though. when i began using my creeper for the first time, after i was done i noticed that one of the wheels were loose and it was due to the lack of torque i used to bolt down the wheels.the creeper is very study when being used. it doesn't flop or loose its balance when you're moving yourself around, which i was glad to see. the creeper moves freely, there isn't much force needed to move this thing. when i get up from the creeper, the creeper doesn't stumble or tip over. it is recommended from the instruction sheet that is provided that the wheels and caster should be torqued and lubed every 6 months, if i recall that correctly. either way, it's still a good idea to check the torque and the condition of the wheels.at first i was skeptical on buying a creeper at such a price, but after using it now, its worth it for me.
Received the product missing the hardware to attach the wheels.  Poor packaging or too cheap to include the nuts and bolts.
I have used this creeper at other jobs and I have loved it. For a creeper with no padding it is pretty comfy,light weight and no square corners for air hoses to hang on. No flip up head rest to pinch your fingers on, good wheels and very strong construction.
I bought this creeper for my husband for birthday present. He loves it. It replaces a creeper he had for many years. This one rolls very easy.
The Bone-ster provides excellent support when working under your vehicle I even use it to inspect the underside of the fifth wheel.
you get what you pay for...i was looking at the standard 19.99 mech. creeper, but decided to pay the extra money for this product...glad i did, worth the extra money. you do have to install the wheels, takes about 15 min. great body contour, i did not give it 5 stars because it lacks a small padded headrest, the larger model has a headrest but that was too long of a creeper, and kind of expensive. should have been an accessary option for a small amount more.
Somewhat expensive for an injection molded creeper but very heavy duty. These 3 inch wheels roll easily but still get stuck on small cracks in the concrete floor. Somewhat difficult to clean in the grooves but still a good creeper.
Bought this for my husband, he loves it! He's not one to settle for cheaply made anything, and because of its small size, it stores nicely in his small garage. He thinks I'm pretty much the best wife ever :)
Got it as promised and it is a great creeper to use to get under my Corvette Z06!
This was a Christmas gift for my husband. He had it put together in 15 min. and was using it later that day. He loves it so far.
Just bought my second Dale Adams creeper.  The first one is over 10 years old and still works like a champ.  We will never use any other creeper in my shops.
What a pleasure using this mechanics creeper rather than my old one with the metal frame and viewable wheels. My back would kill me after using my old creeper and several times it pinched my arm or side on one of the middle open wheels. This Bone creeper has hidden wheels and is low to the ground. It's very flexible, sturdy and maneuvers wonderfully in all directions. I will never use an open wheeled creeper again. The only thing that I would change would be to add a cushioned head rest at either end. I will modify this one to have a head rest, I highly recommend this item it was well worth what I paid for it and I won't ever get pinched again by a creeper wheel again.Thanks,Michael
Pro: Heavy duty body, high quality rollers that can roll over small imperfections in the concrete/asphalt, made in USA, excellent design that prevents it from flipping up when you sit on it.Con: The only thing wrong is there is no headrest. If you are on it for more than 30 minutes it becomes surprisingly uncomfortable.
I got this for my boyfriend.  He is about 6'4&#34; and loves it.  All of his friends are jealous of it!
Horrible creeper! very, very uncomfortable, no head rest, poor quality. go with the "jeepers creepers" creeper. very comfortable with a nice headrest
After buying several cheap creepers and having them break after a few uses, I decided to bite the bullet and get a good one.  This Bone-ster is quality made and works great.  I would highly recommend this product.
THIS IS THE BEST CREEPER I'VE EVER USED,AND IVE BEEN WORKING ON CARS FOR OVER 40 YEARS! I'TS SUPPORTIVE, EASY TO MOVE AROUND ON, AND VERY WELL MADE.
Great Creeper. Very well built.  Quality components.  You get what you pay for.  Worth every penny plus made in the USA.  I should have bought this 10 years ago.
Great creeper for the garage! Light weight, sturdy, and rolls smooth and over things with ease. Would recommend & purchase another.
I spent what seemed like hours online looking for a mirror for the office. This is perfect.We (we share an office in rotation) attached the extra metal mounting that came with the mirror (that would attach to the boat windshield) and slipped in two heavy duty magnets inside the mount, and a larger one underneath. Securely grips to our office desk, but we set it up off our desk on a small electrical junction box to the right above our desk for a complete view of everything and everyone behind us in our 5 foot wide office.We count adult fish traveling upriver through the fish ladder to their spawning grounds.  Now we don't have to turn around to see who is behind us. (We need to keep looking forward to count the fish.) And they can see that we see them, too.
This mirror is easy to attach and is very durable.  We've been using it for months now and it has done amazingly well for the price.
I bought this as a replacement of the other brand of mirror that broke so easily. This is a sturdy mirror and a better one for the boat.
Plastic surrund is thin/flexible, and it doesn't appear or feel well made. Also, the screws that mount it to the windshield frame contact the frame, which will cause scratching and marring. It's going back and I'm going back to CIPA.
This mirror worked great in my boat.  It is made of quality material and mounted easily.  It is also concave which makes it easier to see.
I purchased the white one which matched my boat.  It's a decent size mirror and allows you to see enough behind you.  However, you can't see outside the wake it's just not large enough.  It also depends on where you mount it.  Which brings me to the only issue I have with this mirror.  The mount bracket and screws are really weak.  I had to modify mine to mount it firmly.
NICE MIRROR, NICE PRICE...IT IS A VERY GOOD SIZE AND GIVES A VERY NICE WIDE ANGLE VIEW OF WHAT'S BEHIND ME, EITHER BEING TOWED OR ANOTHER BOAT OVERTAKING ME...I WOULDN'T BE WITHOUT IT....LUV IT..
This mirror exceeded the minimum size needed for water skiing without an observer in the boat.  It clamps on easily and gives a very clear view of what's behind the driver.  I like it for a rear view mirror even when we're not pulling a skier.
Arrived very well packaged and on time.  I like the size of the mirror a lot better then the other convex mirrors I saw out there.  I haven't had it out on the water yet, but the clamping mechanism seems like it will be sturdy enough.
thought i wold try it on my motorcycle  drilled two holes on face shield  and whamo i see what i could not see before  great saftey addition not bad for twenty one bucks
Safety first! A must as a boater.Keeps you alert of boaters coming up,around, and behind you. Last last me 10 years.
This product is well described and functions appropriately.  The look is elegant and simple and the functionality is perfect.  Shipping was super fast and I couldn't be more pleased with this product.  I would highly recommend it to boaters of all experience levels.  It even functions well for uses other than what we initially purchased it for.  Excellent upgrade! A must!
I recently purchased a rather beat-up antique bathtub.  I bought this to fill in some of the holes in the porcelin.  It worked so great!!!!
We use this in our shop to attach metal heat tags to remanufactured engines and cylinder heads.  It works perfectly for that purpose, much to the dismay of the customers that try to say &#34;I never overheated it.&#34;  It's cheap insurance that has saved us thousands in undeserved warranty claims.
I had an old yanmar tractor with a 6 inch long and 1/4 inch wide piece of the cast iron rear end housing broken out on the bottom. It would have cost at least a thousand dollars for a used rear end if you could even find one. I had used devcon in the past for other repairs with great success, but never tried it to fill and seal a large opening that contains oil. I made a plate to cover the bottom and then filled the cavity in three stages doing about 1/8 of an nice at a time. After all three layers, I drilled and sanded it just as though it was cast iron. It worked great and I would strongly recommend it for any repair of broken metal parts.
When I ordered this compound, I wasn't 100% certain that it was what I needed to repair on old cast iron tub I have. The product was delivered so quickly that I was able to repair the bathtub and have it looking 100% better than before. I know I would have loved it if they sold this compound in a bigger size (like a pint or quart size container). This product is fantastic!!
I used to purchase this product from my local hardware store until they discontinued stocking it. So the search began as it is ideal for not only filling small holes but pits in metal restoration projects. Thank you Amazon for your retailers stocking it. It was perfect  for my needs and at the right price.
Nipple clamps are part of the BDSM scene and are definitely NOT for everyone. These clamps are of the "bull-nosed" variety, and look nastier than they really are. They are coated in some sort of rubber, which provides a certain measure of comfort. Each clamp has a screw in the middle which you can tighten to decrease pressure on the nipple, or loosen to increase pressure. The pressure can be set anywhere from minimal to OUCH! A common technique is to place the clamp with minimum pressure, and then slowly loosen the screen until the pressure reaches the optimum combination of comfort and pleasure. The 14-inch chain that connects the clamps is both decorative and functional, allowing either party to play with the nipples during the encounter.A word of warning, part of the pain or sensitivity that nipple clamps cause comes from the restricting of blood flow to the nipples, so they should not be left on too long. Also, when they are removed, the pain can be worse than when they were applied, so be ready.But, that said, used correctly these clamps can be an exciting and attractive part of your bedroom jewelry ensemble, adding increased depth to your sexual play. "Bull-nosed" clamps allow for wide range of pressure, allowing you both a strong level of absolute pressure, but also flexibility.(Review of Spartacus Enterprises Nipple Clamps, Adjustable/Moderate Pressure, Short)
I replaced my trailer jack with a dual wheel one made by this one from Dutton-LainsonThis would have been the 3rd jack on the trailer. Other two failed miserably (PO Installed Fultons) so this time I went with American Made with a 3 Year Warranty. Figured even if I have to pull it and ship it for an exchange, not bad.Well it failed, just as it turned 13 months.Called Dutton and spoke to live to Linda in Sales about warranty service. Before you know it, she was shipping me a replacement via fedex to be delivered by the Holiday weekendNow that my friends is how you serve your customers. I promised I would share this with you all as a recommendation of a good ol' company that is doing it right. I just became their client forever.
Put it together first load one crank with one yard or mulch the bracket snapped. We will see how easy it is to get that covered.... To be continued so not sure about this thing
This thing has paid for itself many times over in saved delivery fees.  I am actually reviewing my second one, had the first for about 5 years, and used the the heck out of it.  Rock, dirt, sand, mulch, you name it.  I broke the last one by not securing one of the straps and backing over it as it dangled.  If I never make that mistake, it will last forever.  The only thing I ever had to do to it was more securely attach the mat to the axle using duct tape.  After several loads of rock (probably in excess of recommended weight)  the mat let go of the pole.  I will always have one of these around, I can't imagine being a homeowner/landscaper with a truck and not having one.
I've seen this cool device advertised for years, but until recently I never thought I'd have much need for one. However, here lately, my pickup truck has been serving extra duty as a "dump truck", but unfortunately, it doesn't tilt and dump! That first load of compost and mulch took forever to unload by rake and shovel. So enter the Load Handler! I got to use it for the very first time today. Assembly was straight forward, if not a little tedious. All the parts were there, the instructions are clear, and it was assembled within a half hour or so. (That's actually the hardest part! Once assembled, putting it on and taking it off is quite easy and fast!) I strapped the completed unit onto my tailgate and off we went to the compost heap. We unrolled the handler enough to cover the bed, loaded two heaping skid loader buckets full of moist, heavy compost, and headed back to the farm. Once back at the garden, we aligned the tailgate to the garden area, put the crank in the roller slot, and started cranking out the load. It was pretty stiff at first, but bear in mind my truck has a no-slip spray in liner, so the friction is quite high. The instructions offer suggestions to improve this. But never the less, the load rolled out, and got easier and easier to crank as the load spilled evenly out the back end. The vast majority of the soft load came out on the liner - just a little bit piled in the corners off the mat needed to be raked out. The entire unloading process took just a few minutes! This is a real work saver! I see mulch, rocks, dirt, and firewood hauling in my future!! The Load Handler - a great idea, a well thought out, practical product, and very reasonably priced!UPDATE: It still works!!! It has been over a year, and even though it is easily removed, the Load Handler now stays on the tailgate, ready for action! Heck, it doesn't take up any bed space or get in the way of normal truck duties, so why not keep it  on and keep it handy? I have now unloaded dirt, mulch, rocks, firewood, and furniture with my Load Handler, and each job was SO MUCH EASIER than if I didn't have one. So it stays! Nothing as broken; nothing has torn. Handiest truck accessory I ever bought!
If you have ever tried unloading bulk mulch without this, you are out of your mind.  This is the most useful item I have ever found and what a simple concept.  This attaches to the back of the bed in less than 5 minutes and you are ready to go.  Now, when I spread mulch I put 5 gallon buckets over my plants, back up the truck over the bed and start cranking.  I do a little raking and I am done.  Just be sure and remember to spread the liner out before you get the mulch dumped in your truck.  I did that once; talk about feeling stupid.  Anyway if you buy it you will love it and it does gravel also.  Just check the actual liner in your pick up to see if it's plastic or a Rhino.  If it's a Rhino you'll need the pad that the company sells so the Load Handler will slide easily.  And I would also suggest the heavier duty the better for more uses.
I totally abused it, broke it, patched it back together and still kept using it.  it is probably the most effort saving tool/gadget I've ever owned. It should be the first thing a home owner with a pickup truck buys. From mulch to yard waste to sand to pallets of sod this thing has been a huge help. If you're going to put it through the ringer I would suggest the heavy duty model which I will be getting for father's day (I hope).
My husband had one of these for years. It finally shredded and he immediately needed a replacement. A neighbor bought one too. Unloads stone, dirt, mulch, bricks, appliances, anything heavy
yes - works awesome.  I cant wait for my mother to try it out - she will love it as well.
Now I can really get my yard in shape. Three loads of compost in one day and energy left over.Two complaints:1. The sides of the tarp started to fray right off the bat. But it's not getting much worse with use.2. Tarp is attatched to bar with just 4-5 small pieces of black duck tape. One day during loading, the wind picked up and pulled off the extra tarp I'd left wrapped on the bar leaving only the tape to hold it on. (Drivers are asked to remain in vehicle during loading.) By the time I got home half the tape pieces had come undone. I used a good quality duct tape to reattach it and now it's not coming undone!
Works great, Really helps to unload truck when all alone with easy. A must for the home owner. Built to last.
I bought one of these a few years ago and have used it a good bit for mulch, dirt, and even a little gravel. In using it for hauling out yard debris I found issue with one design choice. The straps that hold it to your tailgate wrap from the outside of the bracket, under the tailgate, and fasten on the inside of the tailgate. If that design has changed I can't really find any mention. The tail of the strap got hooked up on some of the debris and pulled into the roller which promptly ripped it off.If the straps had started on the inside and connected on the outside I'd have short extra straps flapping in the breeze but I don't think it would break anything. Plus it would make mounting it a little easier since you could set the unit on the tailgate and tuck the straps down through the gap then close the tailgate while you buckled the straps in.This morning hauling off a chopped up tree I ran into another issue. A chunk of tree trunk was positioned just right to cause the drag sheet to hook on a bolt head on the tailgate and tear. I'm thinking of getting another setup for replacement but I think it'll still work the way it is.The load handler has definitely saved my back. I can park my wheelbarrow under the tailgate and reel off a load into it. A friend with one recommends having gravel loads put in half at a time. He loads the front of the bed, pulls up a loop of drag sheet, and loads the back of the bed. When he starts cranking it out it only moves the back half of the load until that loop of drag sheet is gone. Then it pulls the other half.
Spring time is mulching and project season. This product makes it too easy. Unload mulch/dirt/stone in less than a min.
As another review said, this should come with your Spare Air, especially at the price you pay for it (minus one Star). How can you rely on an emergency device and have no clue whether it's leaking or how much air it has in it? This gauge gives me confidence that I'm covered and if you're filling it from a 3300 psi tank and want to be sure that you follow the guidelines for the Spare Air tank (3000 psi) it's easy to monitor how much pressure you're putting into it. Strongly recommended, I wouldn't want to use Spare Air without one.
This is just fine and works well. I would have given it a 5*, but this is so fundamental to the Spare Air that it should not be an add on. It's like the proverbial nightmare story of a car dealership selling you a car and asking you if you want tires for it. You need this to be sure Spare Air is properly filled, is maintaingin pressure. Not imperative for actual emergency use (you have what you have on an emergency ascent and knowing doesn't change that), but it is sure nice to know you actually have 3000 psi when you start.
I purchased this deer alert after hitting two deer in a 1 and a 1/2 year span while driving to work. I have an almost 70 mile commute very early in the morning and late at night (when deer are most active) and a lot of it is on rural roads.I had this installed at an audio place because it seemed somewhat complicated and that type of thing isn't my strong suit. The installer mounted it on my front grille and ran it so it turns off and on with my high beams. I orginally wanted it ran to the off/on switch, partly because the instructions say you can't run it to the high beams if they are HID, but I found out only my low beams were HID, and it seemed that it would be more intuitive to have it come on when I turn my high beams on.As far as the application I am more than pleased and impressed with this product. The sound it emits is like a bird chirping and is not loud or bothersome at all. If you listen to the radio at a decent volume you will not be able to hear it, and in fact when I first had it installed I had to roll my windows down and drive about 35 MPH to make sure it was on. While driving to work I have had more than five different instances where I have seen deer on the side of the road stop and perk up trying to figure out what the noise was. In one instance a deer was galloping and about to enter the road and stopped and turned around. Sometimes smaller animals will scurry their little butts out of the way as well.Please remember that this alert is a deterrent and not a method of prevention. Nothing is better than being cautious and safe when you're driving, especially in those areas where you know there is a heavy deer population. Even with this alert on I have had to stop and let a family of deer cross, it's simply not going to ear blast deer off the road. What this alert will do, however, is give you time to react so that you can avoid costly accidents. Anyone who has hit a deer (multiple times!) knows that it is an unnerving experience, but with this alert I feel safer and have regained a peace of mind. This product has been invaluable and I would recommend it to anyone in a similar situation.
Easy to install, and has warned about eight deer so for that I seen to get out of my way, that I know of. Installed on my truck, motorcycle, wife's car and my mother's car.
Bought this for my brother and he installed it last week.  Say's it works fine so for the money, buy one but beware, it's electric so you have to install it!  He likes it and that's good enough for me!
I tagged two deer with my car last winter so towards the end I ordered this deer alert. The directions were not clear so I had to have a shop install - cost me like $100 bucks but I was desperate. I really didn't want to hit any more deer. It makes chirp/whistle noise every couple seconds which is pretty loud but it's easily turned off with a switch that I had installed inside my car. So far it's worked because I haven't hit any deer but I did have one close call coming around a bend - a deer was already progressing into the road when I rounded but it continued to run across and I was able to drive behind it. I was driving about 50 MPH - I don't know fi the deer alert helped to move it along or if it did nothing. I'm leaving this as four stars until I hit a deer with it on or it burns out prematurely (four stars due to the poor directions).
I have not seen it work but a friend in front said he saw deer stop sense I have not hit a deer I have to say they work I have them on both my Urals
Got One of these bewdies on Every Truck and Car down our way - more deer are killed by cars on the road than by harvesting hunters - we've hit numerous deer b/4 installing these Alerts and none since - and there are zillions of deer in our neck of the nape - they work for us - Ur results may vary but we like them ~:0)
This product works really well, however, as a person who is not mechanically inclined I was unable to install it myself and the dealership charged me $150 to install it!!! If you can install it yourself it is a GREAT buy.
I was looking for an effective, modern electronic deer alert to install in my College kids cars which would not be too difficult to install. I chose the Hopkins 27512VA Trailblazer and ordered three. When they arrived, I immediately got started installing them in each car myself. The instructions were easy to follow and the deer alert work great!! I recommend this product and this company. They shipped them out super fast.
These work great.
I have had this deer alert on all of our family cars for several years (5)  The initial ones did not have a switch or headlight option and very simply connected to the positive and negative battery posts.  To turn it on you have to restart the engine...no big deal.  I live in a remote mountain area in Colorado with neighbor's dogs, cats, alpacas, deer, bear, and elk.  Also coyotes are frequent as are foxes.  If you see the animals up the road you will notice that they raise their heads from grazing or crossing and move away when the alert is on.  As for people looking at my truck when I go to town...it works on humans as well.  Nothing is perfect but I have not had an accident to date.  I just bought a couple of new trucks and just ordered two more.  I do not understand that Lauren (one of the reviewers), took over an hour to install the product.Nothing beats your level of alertness.  The deer alert will help tremendously but common sense will always prevail.The hazards of deer or elk areas require you to drive with the expectation the animals will come out of nowhere and into the road regardless of what electronics you have...but they do help.
I bought this unit because I visit friends in the mountains in California and Oregon. It was installed to reduce or prevent an encounter with a Deer hitting my 2014 Fiat 500 L. The install is very simple but I did notice when the unit is on you can hear it so you need to wire it to a switch because driving with it on would get unnessary attention. I hope it prevents an accident with a Deer.
I installed it a few weeks ago and so far haven't run into any deer so I guess it's doing what it's supposed to. The installation was pretty simple and I like the fact that the switch is on the ground side instead of the hot so there's less of a chance to short. The noise is a little on the loud side but I don't hear it at all once I hit about 35-45mph. But depending on the vehicle, how much road noise you usually hear and the placement of the alert, you may hear it at that speed. I installed it hidden behind the radiator grill so it would be at the front-most point on the vehicle. Some other reviewers recommended installing it with its own switch so it wouldn't be on all the time the car is on and that is definitely good advice. I couldn't find a way to neatly run the switch wires into the actual cabin so I debated installing it so it would come on with my high beams. I finally wound up just installing the switch in the engine compartment. I thought it would be kind of a pain to pop the hood to flip it on and off but it hasn't been that bad because I only use it when going out of town and flip it just before I get on the interstate. Also, I do visit Canada quite frequently so if you happen to be in a situation where you have to cross the border(Especially if you're brown like me), it may be a good idea to have the option to switch it off so they don't find you suspicious.
The Hopkins Deer Alert DOES make deer look at your car. I tested it by driving near a city park where deer were calmly browsing, their heads down. I pulled up, waited a few moments, flipped the switch, and within a couple seconds all 5 deer lifted their heads and looked directly at me perhaps 75 yards away. I have not so far seen deer "running away" when they hear the chirping of this device. Today there were two deer on the side of the road as I approached at about 60mph. I saw them raise their heads and watch me drive by. So I don't expect this device to SCARE or REPEL deer, but I believe it does get their ATTENTION which in many cases may help avoid a collision. I suspect the effectiveness of this device is diminished on very windy days or in especially noise environments, and if you come over a hill and deer are right there in the middle of the road, you're probably still going to have an incident as they wouldn't have time to hear the chirping and react. But I believe this device will help reduce the risk of car-deer collision.I installed the device myself, in about 2 hours. Mounted it inside the grille on a Toyota 4Runner, in front of the radiator where the car horns are located. I got power directly from the battery nearby, ran the other wire through the firewall where the rest of the wiring goes through a rubber grommet, and installed the provided switch on my SUV's lower dash, where I can reach it easily.The sound emitted, a series of chirps, is somewhat audible in the vehicle when you are driving at less than about 40 mph. You don't hear it at higher speeds so it's not annoying. Hearing it at lower speeds reminds me to shut it off when I'm coming into a town (say on a long trip). It's not super loud but people would wonder what is up with your vehicle for sure if you had it on all the time.
use it every morning going 30 miles to work in heavy deer populated  area. you can see animals like possum start walking towards the road and than turn around and walk away. deer seem to stand there looking at cars going by, when i come closer they run off in the woods. will buy some more for my other cars and motorcycle
This crap doesn't work lol.  I live in an area that is plagued by suicidal,Emo, Kamikaze, and even Jihadist  Deer (these are the ones that don't run out in front of you, but rather into you!).  Now that Winter is approaching, I haven't had too many opportunities to see how this device interacts with the local critters but in the few opportunities that I have, this product has failed....miserably.A specific example would be the other day I was driving up a mountain road that's notorious for these emo deer.  Lo and behold as I am rounding the corner, I see four pairs of eyes glimmering with the ambient light put off by my cars lights.  I slowed down and the whole time two of them are staring at my car, the other two off into la la land.  At the last second, one of them darts out in front of my car!  Luckily I was anticipating this and going quite slow (15mph) so I was able to avoid this Jihad-Emo Deer and save my car.This proves that this product doesn't work at all!I have used various deer whistles and while some don't work, some do.The only use that I see for this product, is if you own a Smart Car or any car that is quiet in terms of noise that they produce.  So that way while driving around parking lots, or anywhere in the City where pedestrians tend to not look, this will alert them.Lastly, in regards to the installation.  To those whom found this device difficult to install, you must be perpetually stupid. A blind man with no hands could do the job, seriously.  I don't know how they find two wires to be difficult.
We have installed two of these whistles on our car and switch them on when driving where there are deer.  So far we have not had an encounter with Bambi or his relatives.
We received two of these as ordered.However, we have not installed them yet on the vehicles.(The instructions for installation are not as simple as expected.)
not as loud as the other trailblazer deer alert units I have had, but still OK better than nothing. You can't stop a run away deer from hitting you but if they here you coming in advance they will move the other way most of the time.
Get's deers attention much sooner and more reliably than the passive air alerts .  Doesn't necessarily scare them off though.  Best I can say is if they are going to be dumb and jump in front of you they'll do so much sooner with this device so you'll have a better chance at avoiding hitting them.
I've used and tested a number of deer alert products over the years, as I used to be the manager of a courier fleet. This unit compares well to the best of them. I live in Western PA, and now work part time as a rural carrier for the Post Office and since installing this product, I've not spotted a deer or had a small animal run into the road in front of my vehicle, which used to be a frequent occurance. I have spotted a good number of small animals turning around and escaping into the underbrush on the roadside.I installed the unit  myself and chose to have it operational whenever my vehicle is running, there is another option where you turn it on and off manualy with an included power switch from inside the vehicle.PROS: 1) easy installation 2) choice of always on or power switch 3) works at all vehicle speeds (unpowered "whistle" units only work when you are driving 40 mph or faster) 4)mounts undetectably under the hood so it doesn't disrupt air flow and will not get knocked off in car washes or when removing snow or ice from your vehicle 5) never needs cleaning ("whistles" get easily clogged with dirt, snow and ice and then stop working) 6) unlike other units actually broadcasts in the frequency range that deer can hear.CONS: 1) in the "always on" mode the alarm is quite audible to humans too, and people will turn and look at your vehicles in parking lots and when you pull into gas stations or convienience stores. 2) Dogs in the neighborhood that are prone to bark will start barking when you drive along residential streets and birds in the trees will often react when you are driving along or pulling into a parking space.
Works great, have used for several years on a number of vehicles after my first two encounters with deer, one totaling the vehicle, the other causing  much damage. I travel in a highly populated deer area daily, at all hours,  with many deer standing along the side of the road. The noise causes them to stop and look. Highly recommend.
I know the product description said it required a light install, but because it is not something I can't do by myself, it is still sitting in the box.
The sound seems to be loud enough but not to loud. I cannot hear over my radio or traveling at higher speeds so I like it so far 2 thumbs up. Does it stop Deer? Well I have not seen to many around so maybe they do not like the sound. k
Review date 12/16/2012.I installed this on my small motorcycle several months ago with a friend's help.I have used it riding home every night through thick deer country.So far there have been at least three times where I have seen deer move off the roadwaywithin maybe 100 feet or so of my motorcycle.I would say my speed at the time was between 30 and 40 mph.The device makes a medium-loud chirping sound.It is quieter than I expected.I turn it off sometimes through quiet residential neighborhoods.I don't know if it would be effective at highway speeds.Ride safe!Update 06/11/2013.The Deer Alert blew out after I hit a big pothole, no doubt from smashing into the handlebars on my motorcycle.Rather than hassle with and wait for a warranty return, I purchased a new one, as it's only around $15.I mounted the new one on top of some Sorbothane vibration and impact absorbing material.Note that a few miles earlier that same night a mountain lion trotted away from me as I approached with the "chirper" running!Update 06/12/2013.By the way, upon each installation this device regularly blew its fuse upon initial startup.I replaced the stock fuse with a fuse with the same specifications, but in a "slow blow" variety to handle the initial surge:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BP4N804/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1And I saw another family of deer trot away from me last night!
All I know is they stop, look my way, then run the opposite way as I approach. Perhaps it's a &#34;placebo effect&#34; - that's okay, they believe it too!
Had this deer alert installed by my local mechanic. Placed the toggle on-off switch on the drivers side, so it is easy to reach. Had it also connected to the headlight on-off button. Now I can turn on from the toggle switch and control from the headlight switch. Headlight switch  turns it on. If I don't need the alert at night I just turn the main switch off so the headlight circuit is bypassed. It works great. I can hear the chirping sound. It's quite loud, but at highway speeds not notable. I would turn it off in traffic or in town; otherwise you will get people turning around. Since the alert is not speed or wind based and since I can hear it; I am confident it is working. After having 2 accidents with deer running into my car [ with wind based "high frequency" (aka inaudible) alerts], I think this investment will really pay off. Safe driving is always important but unfortunately deer accidents happen to the best of drivers and anything to keep one safe is worth it.
Had it fitted by a local car stereo shop for $25 (to my hi-beam, it would have been $40 to go through the bulkhead) which took them 30 minutes. Having hit 2 deer in about 4 months this gives a bit of peace of mind.
Terrific. I feel much more comfortable driving now. A number of times I drove past deer who were on the side of the road. They definitely perked up their ears as I approached. It sure looked to me like they heard the noise and stopped to wonder what the heck is that.
We live in a rural area with a lot of deeruntil recently I drove a truck with a turbo diesel engine and thehigh pitch whine of the turbo was enought to alert the deer alone the roadsI recently started driving a jeep wrangler and one of the first nightshad a near miss with a deer almost hitting the front bumper and fendersince I installed the trailblazer I have seen deer along the road and they run away when they hear thechirp of the trailblazer.Had to change the install to work off the parking lights since the high beaminstall was complicated by an auto dimI got this instead of a passive whistle because many times at night on the back roads you will not be traveling fast enought to activate a passive system and hitting a deer even at speeds under 30 can do a lot of damageRick Fields
It does not work for deer or any other animal for that matter, and the cheap toggle switch just came apart in my hand one day when I went to turn it off.
I really like this product. It works at any speed of your vehicle. It has an ultra- sonic chirp, Plus an audible chirp, which smaller animals really respond to.
This Definitely keeps deer and and every other small animal away....  This is a must have for your vehicle if you live in Deer Country.
Before I started using these 12V alarms in 2000, I had hit 3 deer. I have not (knock on wood) hit one since I began using these alarms on all my vehicles. Doesn't mean you won't if one's being chased by a coyote but I have seen them (and even people) run the other way when I approach them.
My husband and his brother installed the electronic deer alert, was pretty easy. My husband works b-shift and drives home late at night like after mid night. He uses the alert, you can hear a chirping noise. Then when you drive down the dark roads you can see the deer eyes popping up and running the other way. So working great.
I purchased this alert after losing my Toyota SUV to a deer that bounded in front of me while I was traveling upwards of 80mph (give or take a few mph...). I was on cruise control, and never even had time to hit the brake as it was pitch black outside and I was on a curve when she bounded out. The doe was huge, and she was dead on impact. Unfortunately, so was my '07 Rav.I had this installed on my new (used) truck by an friend familiar with vehicle electric systems, and the only issue I had with that was the actual mounting of the switch itself. The sticky tape they used is rather weak... and I'm sure it's going to fall off soon, but I'll just reattach with something stronger when it does.As mentioned, I chose to use the switch. I love that feature!Last night, I was driving on the same highway but further north than where I lost my SUV, and was getting in the left lane from behind another car when I saw another large doe wandering on to the highway. Neither the headlights nor the engine sounds from either of our vehicles were seemingly having any effect on her, but her head whipped when a chirp went out, and she turned and bounded back in to the median just in time for me to pass her with no damage to anyone involved.I told my friends who tease me about being a real country chick as to need this kind of a device on my truck that they don't get to make fun of it anymore. Not since it saved my life.They agreed.UPDATE: March 2014I have since killed the deer chirp when the 'sticky pads' used to keep the toggle switch on the underside of my dash area kept falling off. I lost it multiple times, and then I tried to place it somewhere I could reach it without having it attempt to stick.The switch managed to pull out from on of the wires, and I have no idea how to put it back in! Not to mention, the toggle switch has now gotten stuck!! SO SAD! This happened around the fall time, and I only got it in the spring.If it wasn't for the fact that my BF is driving the truck so I can use his hybrid, I would look to replace it because I drive through the darkness more than 2-4 times a week in between my home and Houston. I'm starting to get nervous as the mating time for deers is approaching and I know those jerks will be back on the roads everywhere within the next few weeks, and as such Im even considering putting something on his hybrid. Not sure if I would stick with this one though cause losing the switch was a b****!
I have been using the deer alert for 1 year on a heavily populated wildlife commute. It has alerted animals from rodents to deer to moose and more. When they hear it their heads rise and they either freeze or move away. I flipped it on today when approaching a grazing elk herd. They stopped eating, jumped the fence and headed away.Sometimes packs with snow while driving in a storm.I don't understand why people would hook up to high beam switch. I use the toggle so it can be turned on in deer country and off in town, regardless of my high and low beam usage.Would highly recommend, as I have seen it working countless times.
In deer country, these things really help alert the deer and allow for reaction time.  Have had them on both vehicles and my previous pick-up.  Great safety feature when you have to travel at differnt times almost daily in rural upstate NY.
I have had more than one electronic deer alert. This is my first Hopkins Alert. It installs the same way other similar alerts install. I no longer install items like this because it requires positioning myself in and around my vehicle that I can't un-position myself from without help from the local medical emergency team and crane/pry bar company.The first deer alert speaker did not work. I called Hopkins and they sent me a second unit right away free of charge.Having said all that, I installed what I could, and had a local installer finish the job. The cost of the alert and the install was $125. Yes it costs a few bucks if you are not handy and comfortable working on your cars electrical system.There are good and bad reviews on electronic Deer Alerts like the Hopkins Alert. I've used this kind of device for over 15 years, and I can say that they DO WORK. All you need to have happen is to get the animals attention. They usually stop and look. This DOES happen more often than not with the alert. Nothing for sale out there is 100%. This device has worked for me, it does make deer and other animals stop and look most of the time, and I recommend it. If it works once for you it's worth it.
I recently purchased and received the trailblazer deer alert, very prompt service. After the installation I find I feel a lot safer in the deer areas. This was a replacement for a different type that had failed. I used the ON/Off switch so as to be able to shut the unit off while in town or just don't want it on. Very pleased with the unit.
I live in the Poconos, lots of deer. I had it installed on my motorcycle by the dealer. I can certainly hear it beeping while I ride(my muffler actually works, so my bike is relatively quiet) but the sound is quite tolerable on the open road. You simply ignore it after a while & I can still enjoy the radio. I turn it off in town, not many deer there.
I hit a deer several years ago with my wife's car. I've had these installed on every car since and you can actually see them stop and turn their head when you have it turned on. Haven't hit one since.
Installed this on our 2012 Mustang and it's a great unit. No trouble to hear it and I hope the moose will hear it to. Easy install, quality product.
This blanket is too small.  It's no wonder why they don't advertise the size.  you will be warm on one part of your body and cold everywhere else.
This warms up quickly and keeps my legs warm in my husband's freezing truck. Because of the material and the wiring inside it doesn't lay well. After I fussed with it a few times, I just make sure it covers the right areas and don't try to make it lay flat.
Heated Fleece Travel Electric Blanket - 12 Volt - Red PlaidThis blanket is absolutely wonderful.  Now my husband can keep the car as cold as he wants and this blanket does the trick.  Big enough so that it wraps all around you.  Heats almost instantly.  Great blanket.  If I knew this, I would have bought it sooner.  I'll never be cold again.
I don't typically go through the trouble to leave a positive review (lol) but since I was so distraught over the wide range of happiness in the reviews I read before I bought this product, I figured I would.I finally bought this for my car :) Apparently, buying a converter for the cigarette lighter so you can bring a household heating blanket into the car is NOT a good idea :-/ Who knew. This blanket heats up well. It heats up to a nice toasty temperature. It heats up within a few minutes. Clearly it worked when I used it, and it has been working every day all week. My co-worker bought this same blanket and it lasted her 3 winters of every day use. It did not catch on fire. It did not electrocute me. It did not get burning hot and burn me.I like to use it for my commutes, which do not last more than 45 minutes, in this cold state of MN, when my car takes a long time to heat up. It has a half hour shut off and a 45 minute shut off that are automatic. That is a plus to me. It covers my legs perfectly AND it's a nice thick blanket. I thought it was hard to tell in the picture how thick the blanket was (I don't want to feel the heating wires, ew).I would only have one tiny warning. Be prepared to get those little static shocks when your moving the blanket around (like when removing it to get out of the car). It's only a very minor and explainable occurrence. Just use your head at the gas station ;-). I really looked around in stores and online to find the perfect blanket for my car. There is actually not a lot of choices! If I was sitting next to you and you wanted to know, I would say just buy it. It's worth it!
I got this as a gift for my girlfriend that had to drive to work very early in the morning and during a very long and harsh winter.She occasionally uses it to keep her legs warm before the car heats up, but where its really shined is when she showed up at an appointment early and nobody was ready... she was exhausted from long work hours so went back out to the car and used this to stay warm while napping during sub-zero temperatures.So far there haven't been any problems like what others are experiencing. These things might be built cheap, but the technology is very straightforward. I imagine the problem most others are having have to do with overloading a fuse. That's to be expected since cars aren't exactly wired for electric blankets. If my girlfriend tells me it isn't working, then I'll open up the control box and inspect the fuses.
An early Christmas gift for my mail lady.  It's been below zero for more than 3 weeks now and I know she's got to get cold filling mailboxes.  It is wrapped and she is getting it today, I can't make her wait.  If it DOE NOT work, I'll let you know, as far as I can think.......... she's going to be happy, AND WARM!!!UPDATE!!!  SHE IS VERY HAPPY WITH IT!Her grandchildren used it at fireworks a couple of weeks ago.  No problems, keeps her warm and it's getting used quite often.  I would recommend this blanket.
I have some spoiled dogs in my household. One of them hates getting into the car when it's cold. I have this thing plugged in and ready to go and he is much happier and it keeps his old bones warm. He really does love it. I've never tried it myself but I know it works since I stick my hand in his crate occasionally to see if it is warm, and it always is. It doesn't get 'too' hot though which is great. I would recommend for spoiled dogs or humans :)
Just opened up product and put in car.  I believe it's defective because the mechanism when plugged turns on but the part that determines heating time clicks on then turns off within seconds.  I thought that the blanket would heat up, in spite of the mechanism clicking off, but the blanket did not heat at all.  Would like replacement to determine viability of the blanket.
Blanket was great. It warms up in about a minute and is pretty warm even without the electricity. I left it plugged in by mistake last night and the car started this morning no problem. The built-in 30 minute timer must have kicked in. Everyone should have one of these. Totally happy.
This product is great for travel.I'm a bus driverand don't like to keep it running all the time so this has been a lifesaver for me.
i purchased this heated blanket for my upcoming road trip, to warm up my bed at night. i'll be sleeping in an uninsulated van throughout the winter, and having a warm bed to crawl into will make a huge difference. the blanket works as expected - it is a little slow to heat up, and doesn't get very hot, only comfortably warm; enough to warm up my bed... i can run the blanket off my electromate battery without running it down, so i won't need to worry about running down the main battery of the car. my only wish for this blanket is that it was about a foot longer. it is just barely long enough to heat up the entire length of the bed, meaning i have to choose between cold feet or a cold pillow... the built in timer feature is great for preserving power as well.
We live in the snow and drive 15 minutes to my kids bus stop. They LOVE these blankets. The only disappointment was that I ordered one in solid blue so the kids could tell theirs apart and it came in the red plaid like the other one I ordered. But it all turned out, my son was very happy to have a plaid one and when it is their turn to ride "shotgun" we don't have to switch blankets!!! Gee, they are learning to share!!!
Just like most other couples, my husband and I battle over the temperature in the car nearly every day.  He gave me this blanket as a gift last year and it turned out to be a great gift for both of us!  It warms up quickly and is a good fit for one person (if you're tall, you should probably get something a bit longer).  No more fighting the temperature battle!!!  I'm going to give each of my sisters one as a Christmas gift this year.  I LOVE this blanket - it puts a smile on my face every morning!
As everyone is well aware MOST women always have cold butts, my wife is no exception, she likes having this in her car when I drive because only the drivers seat is heated.
I love this item. I have leather seats and it is great to warm up the seat in the winter. And my son loves this as well
I love this blanket. I drive an older truck that doesn't have much heat. My drive to work is about 20 minutes. That's not enough time for my heater to get warm so this blanket is perfect. It heats up fast. There are lots of times I don't even plug it in. It feels great. Thank you!
After reading some reviews I made a point to be gentle and this blanket is working well for my wife...  She uses it every time she gets in the car
I purchased this blanket for my mother in law. She wanted something to rap her legs up while riding in the car. It would only operate for a minute or two then shut off. It would also shut off with movement.
I thought that this would have a normal outlet plug as well, but it only had a 12 volt plug which disappointed me, but for what it is, it works well.
BOUGHT AS A GIFT AND SHE LOVED LOVED IT . NOW THAT IT IS COLD AND HER HEATER IN THE TRUCK DOES NOT WORK VERY WELL AT ALL SHE USES IT ALL THE TIME.  gREAT!!!
I used mine with a $3 lap blanket & warm enough for us with my heater broken in my van. I believe with my heater working it would be warm by its self w/out lap blanket.  I gave them to family for emergency while traveling across country.  I believe in having a bag in all our cars for any type of accident or emergancy . My husband and I came along a set of lights in a ditch one very COLD night. It so happened we had cleaned out the car and was in the process of re stocking our bag... Needless to say we were not prepared when we found a young lady bleeding and cold from her accident. It would have been great to help her with blankets while waiting for the ambulance and police to come. It took quite a while as there were so many accidents that night.  I will never leave home with an  empty car van or trucks again !! I will be buying more until all my grand children have them.
I love, love, love this blanket!  Warm, fuzzy and it turns off after 30 minutes or 45 minutes so you don't forget it on and kill your car batteries.
The blanket was exactly what I needed.  I don't have a garage so I park outside and I am very cold natured.  I keep the blanket in my car and the first thing I do is plug it in and it quickly warms up; it is faster than waiting for my car to warm up.  Also, when I travel with my daughter she is warm natured so we can keep the car cooler and I can stay warm with my blanket.
I use this to heat my car seat during Winter mornings (I drive a Prius which has a very weak heater). Nice!  Problem: at night it makes me sleepy.
I bought this for myself for christmas. If you live in cold weather and still drive a convertible you should buy this!It is really cute and a nice quality blanket...its not too big either. I was suprised how warm it keeps me and it heats up pretty quick.It would also be a great nap blanket for the car. It was a total deal with free shipping too. I cant believe i had to go online to find a blanket that plugs into a lighter! I hope it continues to work after winter for any chilly sunny day!
The main reason that I am writing a review on this item is because it only had 3 stars because some yahoo decided to write the only review - and he hadn't even purchased the item!! I almost overlooked this blanket because it had only scored three stars. At any rate, let me just assure you that you can buy this blanket with confidence. I was looking for a heated travel blanket, but absolutely could not find one in stores this winter. I took a chance on this blanket, and am very happy with it.The blanket is a lovely, soft, snuggly fleece material. It is a cute black and red plaid. It is a larger size than some of the other electric travel blankets. The plug has a green light that shows you when it is plugged in and on. It is nice because it has an automatic shut off timer on the on/off switch. It does not instantly heat up, but most full sized electric blankets do not do this anyhow either. When the blanket gets going, it provides a wonderful noticeable heat.The only downside is that it is not machine washable - only spot clean. I did not find any of the travel electric blankets that were machine washable though, so this is pretty much par for the course. I think that you may be able to hand wash the blanket as long as the 12 volt plug is covered and kept out of the water (my opinion only of course). The only reason I think this is from my prior experience with traditional electric blankets. You can machine wash those blankets, but it is because the electric plug disconnects. These travel blankets don't have a plug that disconnects... therefore the direction to spot clean only.
Purchased this to use in our teardrop camper. A little slow to warm up, but nice after it does. It has a timer to shut it off after either 10 minutes or 45 minutes which stopped working after the first night, so it stays on all the time. That was OK with us, we just unplugged it when we were warm enough. However it did turn on itself when we weren't there, so don't leave it plugged in when not being used.
Got this blanket for my dad for Christmas.  He gets cold in the car and my mom doesn't so traveling together was a problem for them.  With this blanket my dad can be as warm as he wants and my mom is comfortable.  It works great and solved a big problem.
The blanket does not have a on/off switch, or a temp setting.  You plug it in and it works at one temperature.  But it works very well in a cold car in the winter.
It worked great, for about 2 weeks and then stopped working. I don't need 10 more words to say it wasn't worth the effort.
I bought this blanket for my dad as a Christmas gift as sometimes he works back to back shifts at work and will take naps in his truck. With the cold weather, and being really close to the beach, I thought this would help him so he wouldn't be as cold. No matter what outlet we used in his truck or our other cars, the blanket never got warm. At first, he didn't want to hurt my feelings and tell me that it didn't work, until I brought it up randomly one day in converstation and he was honest with me. I felt so bad that I purchased this blanket for him and it didn't even work! WASTE OF MONEY!!!
we love the travel blanket.  what a cold winter we have had.  i drive my grandkids to school in the morning and would start the car, plug the blankets in and lay them over the car seats.  no cold seats! and then they were toasty warm under the blanket all the way to school.  nice and soft.....a great value!
This does not heat up at all. Not happy with this item at all.We live in Wisconsin and bought this to keep in the truck for our dog because he goes every where with my husband, and it is useless. So the dog stays home a lot more and whines:( because he cant go with his &#34;dad&#34;
This blanket came promptly.  It works great on cold mornings, warming up much quicker than my car.
Okay quality. The wires are felt pretty easily.
love it. love it, love it.  I live in Minnesota and am a freeze baby.  I have the heat cranked and my husband has the window open.  With my new blanket we are both happy.
This takes 10 minutes to heat up, so don't think it's going to get warm quickly.  If you have a need for this, like an older parent who gets very cold in the winter even on short drives, heat it up before you pick them up.  It would be nice on a long trip, or if your driving partner likes it really cold in the car.
This heats up nicely and stays on for either 30-45 min before you have to turn it back on. However, the blanket doesn't want to lie flat as the wires get bunched up easily inside the cover.
This item met my every expectation and has yet to cause any dissapointments.  I (primarily) drive an "open air" jeep and had been using a "bikini" top to withstand those occasional inclement weather conditions. This blanket has been used in place of (temporary) more durable clothing, like a heavier coat, for me to arrive at my destination unscathed. It has served me well, and if you are mindful in taking good care of it, the return should be tenfold. With regards...
I got this for my friend for when we take roads trips. I burn up and she freezes to death. This blanket was the perfect solution!! She turns on her blanket and I can adjust the heat/ac to whatever I want. The blanket really does get quite toasty and she was so happy with it she bought one for her father for Christmas!
This blanket is very toasty and warm.  I'm quite pleased with it.  My goal was to find a way to keep my feet warm when my husband is driving because he doesn't like to have the heater on and my feet are always freezing.  This solves the problem.  No more contention.
I received this product as a gift. I made the mistake of assuming it would work, so I didn't try it out until a cool morning in February (past the return date). WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.Not only does the device make an obnoxious buzzing sound (I'd say the equivalent of a mini generator), I left the blanket on for 30 minutes and didn't feel a bit of warmth coming from the blanket. On top of that, the blanket isn't even soft or comfortable.Oh, and did I mention it's not machine washable?Because I am out of the return window for Amazon, I tried contacting the company directly (Trillium Worldwide, Inc.). I received an email from the president/CEO, Gary Devroy, who admitted &#34;Sounds like a lemon Colleen, sorry. It happens every now and then.&#34; When I asked to exchange the product for one that worked, he told me it would cost me another $15 (on top of what was already spent). When I told him that I wasn't willing to spend more on a product that I don't yet have faith in, I received a seemingly apathetic &#34;Sorry. We tried.&#34;So that's zero points for Customer Service on top of zero points for the product. One star on Amazon just seems a bit too generous.Save yourself the money and buy yourself a soft throw blanket from Target or Costco. It'll keep you warmer, without the annoying noise.
This blanket is wonderful. It is long enough, gets good and hot, and is easy to operate. The only thing I wish is that its cord was longer or the heat selector was closer to the blanket. Other than that, it's worth every penny. I'm getting one for my 80 year old dad. He used it while he was visiting, and it kept his old bones warm.
Heated seats up front, but when you are in the back, seat not  warm.  This solved the problem.  Easily plugs into the cigarette lighter and gets wam very fast.  So glad we have it winter.  We use it every day and LOVE it!
Excellent for cold weather, my fianc&eacute;e uses it when she gets off work at 7 AM and drives home. It's an hour drive, turns it off halfway and it stays toasty
I like this blanket a lot. I dont really like to have the heater on and on all the time, because I have asthma, the heather make me hard to breath. so this blanket is perfect, keep my feet and knee warm. And I like the pattern and the color too.... its christmas color.I can even use this blanket in the office, just get the car adapter converter. The size of the blanket is not to large, so I can bring it anywhere I want
I purchased this for my wife. She drives school bus and the mornings get mighty cold. This should help with this.
I bought this as a gift for my wife who is always cold in the car, it does not get very hot, but it does get warm enough to take the chill off though, and for the price you can't go wrong.
My wife is always cold. I'm always hot. When I'm driving I crank up the AC and my wife plugs this in and - no more complaining about the car being cold. Very helpful!
blanket works well it could throw a little more heat. the blanket is soft and comfortable I would recommend it to a friend
Ordered back in October, given the negative previous reviews I decided to wait on making a review myself until my wife had a chance to use it for a while. It works as advertised thus far, it plugs in to the accessory power/cigg lighter depending on the cars age, heats quickly and auto shuts off after about 20-30 minutes I guess to prevent over heating of the wiring harness, my wife just unplugs it and plugs it right back in and regularly runs it for 2-3 hours a day as she drives a bus for a living and the heat in her vehicle only works when it is running. The blanket lets her keep warm when she has to sit with the vehicle off while waiting due to anti pollution laws.
Every year while traveling during the holidays, I complain about how cold my husband keeps the car to stay awake.  Generally, I developes the sniffles.  So he bought me one of these before the holidays.  I used it while traveling this year.  It kept me toasty warm and no sniffles!  Would recommend one for elderly people traveling as well.
Took ever to get warm up. By the time it reaches the max temp the timer goes off. Poor quality yet I used it every day and it stopped working after a 2 months of use.
The blanket is decent quality but it doesn't get very warm and the electrical components are very cheaply made.  I would not purchase this product again.
This heated blanket works great and is well built. It is used every day in the van and much appreciated by all. I would definately recommend this product for any one who needs a little extra heat while on the road.
This is great when traveling.  My husband can run the air conditioner as cold as he wants....I just snuggle in my heated blanket!!
this lasted less than a month and was not a soft as I would have liked.  A very disappointing Christmas gift.  Boo!
I have had 12v heated blankets before but they had to be covered with another blanket to keep the heat in. This one is awesome, on it's own it is a thick soft blanket. Turn it on and it is so toasty. My job requires me to sit in a cold vehicle, in an area that I can not idle, for 2 hrs a day so when the temp is below 20 and the wind is blowing, I am now still toasty warm.
This blanket ROCKS. When camping in freezing temperatures - this totally takes the edge off the cold. Highly recommend it!
This blanket is excellent for long drives.  It's a nice blanket and when plugged in it gets nice and toasty.  This blanket is great for when you end up in a spot in the car that doesn't get hit by the heater.  It's also perfect if you're traveling with someone who is continually warmer than you.  If they wont let you turn the heater on, you can use this blanket!
Very disappointed when it did not heat up to my expectations. A waste of hard earned cash. Would return it but have thrown away the original package.
Works well, we used it over the holidays.  We travel from Detroit to Indianapolis and my wife and I are always arguing over the thermostat.  I am always hot and she is always cold.  This blanket is the perfect solution, she was warm and cozy and it has auto shut off after 30 minutes or 45 minutes, depending on the setting, so it will not drain your car battery if you forget to shut it off.  Great product!
My only complaint is that it isnt clearly stated that this can only be plugged into a car cigarette lighter so we had to buy an adapter for it. Granted, I probably should have read throught the product desprition, but I feel that this should have been more clearly stated. It isnt just an electric blanet, its an electric blanket for a car!
So I bought this to use while I sleep in my camper when it is cold. Works great, but can only be ran for 30-45 mins! After that the timer shuts it off. Went back and read the product description - says nothing about shutting off after 30-45 mins. Great for a car ride, bad for a sleeping blanket. Using a thermostat instead of a timer would have been better, I'll probably return.
This was a Christmas gift for my elderly mother.  Mostly for my sister...so she won't have to turn up the car heat!!!  Great product.  Highly recommend.
The Heated Fleece Travel Electric Blanket is a great accessory for our SUV. We often take my mother-in-law along for the ride. She doesn't back-seat drive. However, she complains about the loudness of the sound system and the temperature environment in the car. When we are comfortable, she is too cold. So, we swelter until she is all comfy/cozy. Now, she can bundle up and even plug the blanket in for added warmth and we can stay cool and calm. When she's happy, we're happy.I've only discovered one problem with this blanket. The cord set cannot be removed from the blanket and that makes it impossible to wash it. It's a problem that we'll over look until it becomes soiled.Heated Fleece Travel Electric Blanket - 12 Volt - Red Plaid
My wife uses it in our electric car when we want to turn down the car heater  and extend the car range a little . One power setting: 48 Watts (4 amps) Heats up in about 3 minutes.  Has a 30 minute and 45 minute timer. We fold it up and store it in our own cloth bag when not in use.
I bought this for my toy yorkies because they shiver and shake inside the car during the cold winter months. It works great. It doesnt get to hot. When they arent in the car, I use it to warm my seat :)
The blanket heats up very quickly and keeps my lap very warm -- it has a feature to turn itself off after 30 min and 45 min which is very nice to have for a short distance drive, but not for the long distance drive. But overall, this blanket works very well and I like using it very much.
This blanket gets nice and warm a lot faster than I anticipated. The cord is long enough for me to wrap the blanket around my legs. I have arthritis in my knees and cold mornings are awful. With my heated car blanket, my knees are ok, and so am I. I like that it is actually pretty warm even if it isn't plugged in. Plus, I just kinda like the design.
This did not work. Now I have to return it.  Was very disappointed.  Tried in two different cars but never heated up.how do I go about. Returning this item  that does not work?
Bought it for horse drawn wagon riding, but she won't let it leave her car! Will probably have to get another one, she loves it!
I bought this for my son-in-law who is a simi truck driver, he uses it while he waits for his truck to be loaded.
Initially, it worked fine. But after just a few uses, it started &#34;sparking&#34; and we figured that it was not safe, so we decided to return it. The control unit was the piece that made the noises. Just do not trust it.
Arrived on time and undamaged. Works as described. We use it in an offroad vehicle and it keeps the chill off. This is not as hot as a home type elec blanket- but it works good.
it works well, it's well made, but make sure you realize it has a built in timer. If you camp in your van at night and have a spare battery that you use for things like this and expect you to keep you warm all night you'll wake up an hour later freezing. There is another blanket out there that doesn't have a timer for that purpose. But I keep this one in my boat for rides on chilly days when my mom gets cold. And here the timer is perfect so it doesn't accidentally get left on.
I like the product except that there is no way to keep it from shutting off, so if you are on a longer trip, you need to keep resetting it.
warm, and my 2 kids love it for cold nights when only the front seat passengers have heated seats. one
The seams came apart after the first use.  It doesn't get very warm, either. Save your money and just use a lap blanket.
takes a while to warm up, ok as the package says give it 10 minutes. warm after 2 minutes, nice after 6, toasty after 15.papers say 4A / 48W, and it comes with a spare 7A fuse for the plug.price was decent, seems to work ok, plaid seems a bit faked but still attractive; hope it will last for a while.
I bought this blanket as a gift for my mom. She has what we call "cold disease" and complains about being cold even in a warm car! This blanket has eliminated that problem and she loves how she can take it on the go and plug it in to be nice and toasty. Best investment and best gift in a while for her.
It warms up faster than the car, so you can get warm faster. It would be nice if it came in a smaller size for the driver.
This blanket works great and made peace in my marriage.  It didn't cure my wife's arthritis, but it certainly helped her cope with it when driving in the winter.
This is a great blanket. I purchased it for my grandfather because he always complains about being cold, but i misread the description and this is a car model. Thankfully i had an adapter and the blanket works great.
Was bought as a gift, and apparently she liked it, a lot.  I have been able to use it once, heated up nicely in a car were the car heater doesn't work well at all.
On cold snowy days, when you just want to relax in warmth & comfort - this is great thing to have in case of emergency
I like it but have not used it yet. I do not know yet when I will be makeing use if it.
This for a friend if mine who is postal carrier she is outside in her vehicle for a majority of the day. With the harsh weather the Midwest has been experiencing lately. She very thankful when she gets back to her truck and something is warm.
When I plug it in the red light comes on.  however, the control box power light does not come on. tried re-set, still nothing.  does not heat up.
One great think about this is the blank automatically turns off, so you never have worry about making sure it turns off.The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that it's small.  I could be a couple feet longer.
My heater broke on the beater....this blanket warms me to the core on cold winter days.  How I yearn for spring!
I got a couple of these for the spring drive-in season and we used them last weekend and they worked great. They kept us warm - make sure you understand the measurements on these. We were able to share between 3 of us but that is why I got 2 because it is a better fit between 2 people.
My '09 Malibu doesn't have heated seats, and that makes it a bit chilly out there in the driveway this time of year. But this inexpensive, soft & comfortable heated blanket is very easy to put over the seat, tuck in the edges, and then plug in for seat heat. It does take about 10 min to warm up, and it never gets really hot, but it is so much better than no seat heat at all. For the price, this is a very nice blanket, and it doesn't feel like it has wires running all through it, so it is comfy to sit on. I recommend this product as a good value.
Love this ! Works great! Keeps a nice warm tempature not to hot. And the auto off is a wonderful safety feature.  I would definitely recommend this product.
The second time I used it I lifted it off of me and when I grabbed it to put on the seat next to me I got shocked. This was while I was driving. I have thrown it away. Buyer beware.
I rescued a small mixed breed dog that has short hair (think short haired dachshund) and she finds Oregon mornings very chilly. So when I go out to warm up the car I plug in the blanket. In five minutes her seat is toasty warm. No more shivers in our commute in to Portland. Great product!!
good product and fast shipping, I'm a repeat customer. and will probably do more business with this vendor. I have no complaints. is the blanket turns off after 20 minutes so it won't run the battery down.
My wife and I hate going anywhere together, even to see the grandchildren because she always likes it warm and I like the cold air.  Well, we bought the balnket and now are both happy.  The plug did come apart after some six usings but I am buying another.  It makes a great Christmas for the girl!
The 12 Volt Heated Travel Blanket arrived promptly, heats up quickly is well made and stores easily in the soft plastic case it came in. I plan to purchase another for my 2nd vehicle.
Christmas gift for my wife. She loves it - She giggles like a kid when she plugs it in the lighter socket.  At 0 degrees in South Dakota winters, the heat is instantaneous and most welcome.  The size is great. She can wrap in it from head to toe.
Nice, thick fuzzy blanket with built-in 12 volt electric warmer and auto-shutoff timer. I've used this on a May RV trip up to Alaska and the Yukon and never got cold, even when it was freezing outside. I just wish it was a little longer. Other than that, a great product.
My wife uses this in the car when we're on the road for awhile. I like to keep it between 68-70 degrees; she prefers a balmy 80. With this, we can both be happy! Also, not a bad thing to have in the car in the event you're stranded.It would be nice if this came in other colors besides navy.
I love it. I have Raynauds and I suffer when others need air conditioning in the car with my  very cold hands and feet. This keeps everyone happy...winter and summer!
I like the fact it turns itself off. We have a self contained RV that runs off solar and this helps to not drain the storage cells by staying on.
We got this for my wife, as I like to keep the car cold when I drive.  So, it works great for her.
Used it to drive in a van with no heat over a thousand miles.  It really performed well.  Went through some cold and icy weather with just this blanket to keep the driver warm...and it really saved the day!  Great buy!
This blanket warms up fast and really keep me warm.  Our heater quit working, and this blanket is all that we have to keep warm.  It functions superbly!
The heat in my husband's car is broken. This has provided much needed warmth. It's cozy, but doesn't draw too much energy. Wish it were a little bigger,
It's very warm, with or without the heat turned on. I like the auto-off feature. No fun to try & jump a dead battery when it's cold enough to use this thing. It's nice and big, it easily fits over my lap with spare fabric to tuck under my legs.
I have been looking for one of these blankets forever and at a decent price. So I came along this one and it was a good price and it is perfect.
It doesn't get as warm as I expected.  It is big enough for two to use in a compact car and doesn't have a negative smell as I expected it to..
This blanket was a disaster for me.  I used it at a cold outdoor outing, putting it once on 45 minutes, then later in the day a second time on 45 minutes.  And when I tried to start my engine, it was dead!  I couldn't believe this could happen with two usages like that.  So be very careful when using it.  I'm too scared to use it now.
This is a good item. It stays on for about 30-45 minutes before turning off which is plenty of time to keep me warm before my car fully warms itself up in the cold mornings. I am satisfied since that is why I got this product. It is also soft, so it doesn't feel bad to warm.
I bought this thinking it was going to be like a normal blanket. It wasn't. The pictures were misleading as was the description. In all actuality, this blanket is more like a heating pad! Very, VERY small. About a foot in length on EACH side. I was completely disappointed.
Love this blanket. I recommend it if you do not have heated seats. Warms up quick and is a decent size. I received one as a gift and decided to ourchase this for my father for nights home from dialysis during the winter. Highly recommend.
Bought this blanket to help keep our dog warm in the vehicle when we step away for a brief errand.
This little blanket is a really clever device. I keep it in my convertible and if the temperatures begin to drop of while out driving my wife simply plugs it into the cigarette lighter and bundles up. The timer feature is great because you can't forget and leave it running. Would be good for small kids in a car on chilly days. Super soft!
This blanket is a waste of money, this thing barely gets warm to the touch, some  people rated this 4 stars i just dont see how.I bought this blanket thinking it would keep me warm in my car at work when i'm on lunch and don't wanna run the car engine to keep warm. plugged it in to socket and  the light on the cord  came on. while the car just got colder and colder  i waited and waited  and after 20 minutes and this thing was barely warm to the touch it was  as warm as my hand was ,, there was no noticeable increase in warmth in the car either . wow what a  gimmick, i should have known it was too good to be true. dont waste your money, will not keep u warm. It was just annoying having this thing covering me totally useless.
Ever since I had chemo, my toes get so cold it's almost unbearable.  I bought this blanket for two purposes:  to use in the car while traveling (and not driving) and to use with my golf cart while playing.  Have used it ALOT and I love it.  Just wish it had an &#34;off&#34; switch.  You have to unplug it to turn it off unless the timer happens to turn it off for you at the right time.  It's a nice, heavy weight fabric and the long cord is wonderful.  I highly recommend this blanket.
Love this product.  Purchased as a christmas gift for two individuals in wheelchairs.  It was the perfect gift. Keeps them warm while traveling without being to big and bulky.  Heats up quickly to a comfortable temperature.
I was in search of a blanket that could cover the kids in the back seat. After searching, I chose this one. It fits my needs beautifully. The kids stay warm during freezing weather while I can stay at a comfortable temp up front. A soft, cozy blanket that feels so nice on chilled fingers. It heats up in minutes(3) and covers two car seats that are next to each other. The 'on' switch is a choice of 30 or 45 min heat time. Which may be good.. could never forget to turn it off on a long trip. Non machine washable, but not concerned. I would recommend this blanket if you live in frigid weather. Don't need to crank the heat to unbearable levels just to get a bit of heat back to the kids.
I grabbed this for my daughter to use in the backseat while we wait at the school bus stop.  And it works perfectly for that.  This never gets hot, rather it warms up to feel like you have just taken it out of the dryer.  It's a very comfy temperature.  Thanks to this blanket I can have her put this on and not have to waste gas running the engine to use the heat.  Even not plugged in it's a nice warm blanket thanks to the double layer fleece.Pros: The size, two people in the backseat can share this easily.  Well, two kids anyway.The blanket never gets too hot.The cord is a very good length.  I have a SUV and I can plug it in up front with me for more control, yet there is plenty of play left in it.It's a nice soft warm fleece.I haven't run into the auto-shutoff  being used, but it is nice to have it and you choose 30 or 45 minutes.The cons: Well the con, because I have only found one and that's what keeps this at 4 for me not 5.  It takes too long to warm up, about 10 minutes.  That's not an unreasonable amount of time, but since we end up waiting about 10 minutes for the bus every morning it works out to be bad timing.  But with all the polar air this winter I have needed to warm the car up before leaving so it's warmed up by the time she gets in the car.All in all this is a handy thing to have, and I feel better knowing it's in my car in case of emergencies.  As long as you have power from the battery you have some extra warmth.  But even if you don't, this would keep you from freezing with the double fleece.  If you're reading this you're already trying to figure out if this is something worth getting for yourself.  I recommend it, with gas prices rising anything that can help you use less gas is going to be worth it in the long run.
This is a great idea.  I take my lunch time mostly out in my car and I just plug this in and I am toasty warm without running my car.
I originally got one of these for my car.  Since then, I've purchased two more for family and two for gifts.
Some reviews on this product made me wonder if I should even try it, but no worries...it works great!  I drive a 4 door Jeep, there are no heat vents to the back seat area, the kids complain of being cold all the time while the front seat is hot.  I got 2 of these for them.  They are loving them!  They say they heat up quickly and stay warm.  Great product.  I've only had them a month or so now, but so far they are awesome.
Our truck does not have heated seats and since it's been getting below zero around here, this little blanket has been wonderful.  Heats up fairly quickly, is soft and durable as well as quite large (I fold it in half).  Always unplug when you are not in the vehicle for safety reasons and watch you don't shut the cord in the door (duh).  I love this blanket.
This was a gift to someone and that someone seemed very happy with the blanket.  This blanket was larger than one they had previously had and they seemed very happy with the size.
It's great! Cord is long enough to reach back seat where my two Chihuahua's hang out.  Now they can go for car rides with me more often as we head into Fall and a cold Winter.  They llllooooovvvvveeee it!!! Highly recommend!
If you don't have heated seats this is a great product to have.  It keeps me toasty warm when I ride in the back seat of the car.
I purchased this for my 91 year old dad.  He is so cold whenever I take him and my mom anywhere.  She sits in the front with heated seats.  The back seats aren't heated.  This blanket is very thick, large, and warm.  Plug it in and it becomes toasty in minutes.  My dad was so happy and warm on our drive.  The auto shut off feature saves me from worry.  A great product that I am telling all of my friends about!
On those freezing cold mornings when you are waiting for the car to heat up, it is terrific to have this wonderful warm blanket plugged into the lighter and feel the heat seeping out of it!!
I purchased this item for my wife because she is always cold, even if everyone else is hot.  She has used it on trips and is veery satisfied with it.  It keeps her warm while the rest of us can be cooler and comfortable.
I bought this for my mom for Christmas as she was always saying how cold she was riding in the back seat of our Suburban. Her legs get cold a lot. We absolutely love it. It stays a constant warm temperature and shuts off automatically when it reaches it's chosen time limit. I've taken to using it on my lap while driving alone and must say I'm addicted. I highly recommend this blanket!
This blanket is a great addition for the colder months on the road.  It's like having your own heat control in your vehicle. The automatic turn-off feature is great when your arms are loaded with presents for the holidays or just day to day with groceries.  Even without plugging it in, the blanket can take off the chill of an Autumn evening drive.
It was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she's very pleased with it.  She now has one for each car.
I keeps me warm in the car but does not heat up very much...just takes the chill off. (Hotter would give it 5 stars)The fabric is soft and durable but not the nice velour/fleece feel...more synthetic feeling than I like.
I got this blanket early in the year it worked fine for the first few months. Than I stored for the summer and brought back out this winter and it was dead. The company sent out new parts works great.Thank you!
Got this to warm my feet in office but did not get to try it out until set up the DC power connection last week.On first use only half the blanket warmed up. Now too late for return refund so I am stuck with it.
don't buy this is not warm at all and goes of every 15 minute don't waste your money i was hoping this thing will give me some heat i got nothing it good only if you want to clean on dashboard
This fleece is only to us eith car appliance, not with an normal electric appliance, what we didn t understood when we bought it.
I use this in my RV and its awesome. The timer feature is great and makes sure I don't drain my house batteries too much. Using this  during the colder nights makes it so I don't have to run the heater when sleeping. Will probably order a second one just to have because its a very handy thing to have and the price is great. Mine has been working fine for over a year now.
This was a gift for my daughter-in- law and she likes it very much. She is always cold in the car and this worked great!
My wife loves this heated blanket while riding in the car this winter.  No waiting for the car heater to stay warm.
I received this blanket from my Daughter for Christmas.  Wow! what a comfort!  I turned around and bought one for my sister and her husband.  With this long winter, it's been wonderful, especially for covering the baby in her carseat!
This is just OK! Not very thick or warm. Not as good as the one I had previously. It's better than nothing though.
My wife and I were looking for a DC powered electric blanket. We camp on the cold beach in a huge pickup truck with a big camper top. Tied this blanket with sufficient power supply but it shuts off every 45 minutes. The wires also came out of the blanket. Can't recommend it.
My husband has many physical problems and rides along in the car whenever possible, but is not able to do any shopping or walking in the stores.  We use the blanket to keep him warm while he is patiently waiting in the car without having to turn the ignition on.  Once it is warmed up it holds the heat for some time and has been a real solution for him.
I works great but does not get warm enough I have added a top blanket and am considering a heating pad with a converter
I bought this because my girlfriend always gets cold in my car and I got tired of hearing her complain.  Also we were taking a trip to the mountains in the winter and I thought I would head off the complaints before they started.  So she used the blanket on the trip and loved it.  It never got too hot and did shut off when my car was turned off.  I suppose it may stay on if your car will allow for this.  Either way, she still uses it all of the time and she is happy which is fine with me.
Works good and keeps you warm.  This is the second one that I have.  First one still works and have had for several years.  Would reccommend.
before purchasing one of these i've done a lot of research and still wasn't sure what to get because whichever product i reviewed, there were always negative reviews.so, i figured I'll pick one and hope it's good.well, i made a great pick.  this blanket is just awesome.decent size, soft material, heats up fast....it is overall great product!I can just hope that it never breaks.
I purchased this blanket to keep my son and his carseat warm in our Alaska winter temperatures until the car was able to warm up after a trip to the store etc.  I would leave it on when we went inside somewhere and it did not help much...but I figured for the price, it was better than nothing.  Then the plug came apart when I removed it from the lighter outlet.  In the end, we can't use it anymore so I would not recommend this to anyone.
Utter crap.I read all the reviews but they were so mixed I decided to chance it. Bad idea. When it showed up, the zippered vinyl package the item was in was so old, it was in tatters: not torn, but disintegrating. It worked fairly well for 5-6 mornings, about 20 minutes each, then crapped out altogether.
It is what it say, fleece, electric and it does keep you warm and just the right size. It arrivred just in time for the cold Chicago weather
Good electric blanket.  Works great in my truck and keeps the dog warm and cozy! I would recommend buying it.
this electric blanket is nice and soft but i got it to take the chill off my morning drive because the heater core in the car went out. this Electric Blanket never gets warm wish i didnt buy it !
Heated Fleece Travel Electric Blanket - 12 Volt - Red Plaid came on time and as expected. Best purchase for those who have rough winters.
This product does not really heat up... only one little section by the cord actually gets luke warm. Just buy a fleece blanket for the car! We did an Instant Refund and shipped the blanket back... Amazon was great.
The blanket is large enough to cozy up in while on travel in the northwest states in the winter time.
Purchased for those cold days when someone has to sit in the back seat or you want to be cozy in the front seat until the seat heater kicks in. Heats up quickly and holds it's temperature. The one I ordered was red plaid, a definite north woods color. So far it has lasted through 2 winters in Minnesota.
my husband does not have a working fan in his van and the heat does not circulate... he uses the blanket to keep warm and it is wonderful!!!
I looked at a lot of automotive heating blankets before I found this one.  It has the feature I most wanted in an auto blanket:  a timer to shut off the blanket in case it was left plugged in.  I bought this blanket to use in my Chevy Volt so I would not have to run the heater to warm my kids in the back seat.  They are loving it, being toasty warm all the way to town.  The automatic shut-off has been a battery-saver, since they have forgotten to unplug it 3 times already in two weeks.  It is also a very nice size--big enough to cover both backseats, but not so big that it is bulky or in the way.  I would recommend this product to my friends.
We live in Buffalo and this works just great in our cold winters! Everything is just as stated in description. Good value.
No complaints at all. Glad I bought it. Warms up fast, has no mfg smell, very good quality item, works perfectly and is great to just keep in the car and use when needed.Highly recommended.
I recommend this for all people who don't have a heater in the car or who have poorly functioning heaters.  This product will warm you up well.
Bought this for use in our camper trailer.Unfortunately this product does not perform. Ran it for 30mins and the only result was two 'hotspots' about the size of a tennis ball that were barely warm. The product was drawing the suggested 4amp current, so was functioning normally. I bought two blankets and both performed the same.There is no denying the blanket is very warm to be under, but there is no warmth difference to the blanket being on or off.I returned the product and now instead use an inverter driving a mains electric blanket (draws 5amps) with much better results, and it was cheaper!!!
I have a convertable and this is just perfect for those days when I can drop the top and cool enough for the heated blanket to keep me and my passenger warm.  Ordering another so I have one for the back seat.
Its on a timer ..stays warm for 30 minutes then shuts off  It SUCKS
Very handy in my car. The blanket heats up very fast and keeps me nice and warm. Definitely big enough for two normal sized adults.
You would think this was a hearing blanket in which you can use at home and adaptor that you can take on the road. Absolutely wrong only for cars. I got a heater wth I need this for. Wast of money  don't buy
I love the blanket, I love the cold so if anyone drives with me they freeze.  This blanket keeps them nice and toasty.
i just happen to drive a open top roadster and on cool mornings this blanket fits the bill i like the fact that it has a timer built in as not to drain your battery if you forget to unplug it also the plug in has a led that lights up to tell you that you have power to the blanket i think that way you know if your cigarette lighter is working!!
Thought we were getting two smaller blankets, actually received one larger blanket. From all the reviews it sounds like I received the better product even though it wasn't what I ordered.
I got this hoping that it would help with my always cold travel companion and but did it ever do the trick. Not one complaint about being cold on our last 18 hour trip. I did not get to test it out but according to them..it worked like a charm!! It did shut off about every 45 minutes but that's to be expected for safety issues. After I had mine checked out...and got such rave reviews about it, I went and purchased 5 more..each for one of my family member to keep in their cars during the winter. I know they are going to love them. Great price, great purchase..am completely happy with this product (only thing I don't like is that the cover is not removable and it's only spot clean)..but other than that..I'm not complaining.
This travel blanket was great when the heater in my vehicle quit and the temperatures were below 20.  Made the drives to work bearable.
I purchased the 12v electric blanket which worked fine for about three weeks.I subsequently repaired the blanket(the element had burnt out after developing a 'hot spot')and it has been fine since. It is very useful in the winter when lying on the couchwatching TV. It has been used almost constantly without any more problems. I thinkI was just unlucky.
I ordered this for my daughter to use on cold mornings. She loves it and it works great. Lived up to ad
I bought this for my daughter who drives quite a distance to work each day.  She said it works great to keep her legs warm.  It is not bulky or too big and does not get in the way of using the pedals.  She is thrilled with it.
These blankets are GREAT! My elderly Mother loves to wrap it around her in the car. Even though the car has heated seats, she still likes to put it around her legs and shoulders. I love it because she can be hot and I can be cool!! We have had no problems what-so-ever with the blanket. We ordered five more for Christmas gifts and my Mother says we should have ordered more!
I purchased these for gifts and the receivers loved them.And then i purchased one for myself and it is always in the car.
We bought this blanket for traveling in our motorhome, but also use it for the car.  The red plaid material is soft and appealing. We didn't expect the warmth to be as good as a 120V electric blanket and it is not, but it is better that we expected. It doesn't get you hot, but keeps you comfortable while traveling in a cool vehicle. Just the right size also, for 1 person in a bucket seat or captain's chair.
Got this for my Mother in law for Christmas and she just loves it!  This is someone that is cold all of the time and we figured she could use it to keep her warm and keep my Father in law from falling asleep whole driving because the heat is up so high.
Garbage.  Not even luke warm.  Lasted about 3 months and then came apart.  Never again.
I kept promising to look for a blanket like this for my wife and finally remembered at Christmas time.  We use it for a longish trip yesterday and she kept thanking me all the way there and back.  She says now I can turn the heat down to where I want it and she won't care.  Thanks for a cheap way to make the boss happy!
i bought this for a friend who drives a school van and who is always cold and this is the answer! she is warm and toasty! great buy.
Mine didn't work. I plugged it in and it didn't head up - apart from a tiny section.Fortunately Amazon gave a refund, and it seems that most people had a better experience than I did. I guess I just got a bad one.
This blanket is so wonderful for the car, especially on cold days.  It warms the seat and keeps me feeling comfortable.  It is just the right temperature.
I am really enjoying my travel blanket. I have an older car, and just don't want to pay for the heater to be fixed right now. The nice things about this blanket are, 1) It starts heating up immediately, though slowly (which is a nice feeling, too); 2) it feels really cozy, like being in a sleigh in the snow with the cool air on your face while your legs and lap are toasty warm; 3) the fleecy material is also soft and sensual, and the red plaid pattern is cheerful.
Its not hot enough but the heat is a nice touch for a blanket that is quite warm already.  She said it's one of the best gifts she's ever received.
i never bought this item....someone stole my credit card info to buy this.I had to cancel my card, and call the bank.was somebody down south, the bank told me.I live in n.y.
I was looking for a blanket that ran off of batteries to keep my grandmother warm when the electric goes out. I feel that you guys were deceptive with your advertising; please be more aware of this in the future, My grandmother however does like the blanket with out the use of power.
This product provided the necessary heat I required.  I appreciated being able to plug it into my power outlet.  The only &#34;bad&#34; thing about the product is sometimes the cord got tangled up; however, it may have been more my fault.  This was the first product I have purchased like this, but my car is without heat and I needed something to take the cold off.  The timer, 30 or 45 minutes worked as described.  Overall, I like the product, especially its plaid red.
Great blanket! Keeps me warm on the way to work, while car is heating up. Also keeps me warm each morning while I take a nap in my car at work after my commute.
Fine quality blanket, adds just the right amount of warmth to keep my wife warm.  The cord is long, good quality.  The timer (30 or 45 min) appears to work fine.  Would of liked to had an on/off switch.  Currently you have to pull the plug to turn off and that is kind of a pain.  Anyway, the wife loves it.  Add a power on/off switch and get your 5th star.
Thought I could plug it into any outlet, no go. It only comes with a outlet for those electric things in a car, type of plug. Had to cut that off and just use it as a throw, and is very small.
I am always driving with someone who is always cold and im always warm. Here is her answer. Just plug in and a few minutes later, she is warm. Nice buy
I use this on the way to work every day in addition to my heated seat. Warms quickly & I don't have to set the car heater so high getting a graceful of hot air.
Really is warm and cumfy, fairdindinkum, It's warm! It's warm in the front seat, And in the back seat, Keeps Your Lap Warm, Or The Kids Warm. Or both of you! (c:  Works on 12v.
This blanket is great for cold days when you need to be out in your vehicle for a long period of time.  Stays pretty wam even when it cuts off after 30 minutes.  30-minute shut off is a great safety feature.
I read all the reviews, and saw good and bad on these 12 vdc electric blankets.  This one works perfectly.  My wife is forever cold in the car.  Also, I can't live without the air on.  She is happy now.  The blanket is plenty large to cover her adequately.  I was surprised that it gets noticeably warm in about 4 minutes.  The timer is a convienient feature.  Select 30 or 45 minutes.  There is also a reset button to turn the heat back on.  The only thing the blanket lacks, is a manual temperature adjustment.  It's not that big of a deal though.  If you are still trying to decide, this is the one.  Buy it!
I'm glad I bought this for my friends for Christmas because a few weeks after, we had a huge snowstorm and just all around ghastly weather. This blanket worked perfectly with no issues. It heat up quickly, faster than the car heater I might add.
I bought this for my daughter who lives in Minnesota. She loves it. Its a great item to have in her vehicle if she should get stranded somewhere and the blanket would provide some heat when it could potentially be -20 or -40 below.
This electric blanket, powered by 12 volts DC current, was something I bought for the car this winter -- expecting very little.  How warm would something of this lower voltage be?  You'll be surprised!  It heats twice as fast as the car's heater when the car and the blanket are started at the same time.  It works well for me.  My only complaint:  it's not machine washable or dryable -- and it loads with static easily.  I have not tried static-guard or anything like that on it yet -- maybe that'll help.  For the price -- an excellent product!
...although to feel the full effects it would be better to put another blanket over it, just like you do with an electric blanket on your bed.  We don't, as my wife uses it when I put the top down on the convertible in cool weather.  Another blanket in the car would just be too much trouble.
This blanket just does not really warm up to be worth anything.  It takes a long time to get any heat and when you do, it is not very much!!  I would not buy for ATV useage!!
We use this blanket for our little dog when taveling in the wintertime.  It is excellent for this use.  So far so good.
Purchased for a friend who travels and naps in his car. Perfect for taking the chill off in Michigan Winters.
I purchased this blanket because I vanpool to work daily.  With the temperature inside the van always colder than I prefer(AC blasting) - this blanket was the best solution.  It keeps me nice and toasty when a normal blanket will not.  I highly recommend.
Are you always on the go and sit in the passenger seat and your car heater isn't warm enough? This is the blanket for you. This is used in the back seat since the heat does get to the back some times. It will definitely keep you warm.
I bought this blanket because the heat no longer works in my car. It's larger than I expected and it heats up quickly and stays warm! Great for driving in the winter time!
My wife who is cold every minute of every day now uses it every time she gets in the car, even if its a 10 minute drive across town. If heats up quickly and provides her much needed warmth. Our 5 year granddaughter also loves it. She took a long trip and was able to take off her winter coat and still remain warm.
This blanket is awesome. Heats up fast and is very warm, my niece even had to throw it off of her cause she said she was too warm. Would buy this one again. Thank you so much.
Wife uses this blanket in our motorhome while driving. Works well except she does not like the timer. The time is good to be sure it gets turned off for saving the battery. So that is a trade off when your on a long RV drive.
I got this as a Christmas gift for my son who travels a lot for snowboarding. He was super excited when he opened it. After using only a couple of times it stopped working, & won't heat up. I'm very disappointed I'm unable to return for a refund or replacement. Apparently it's not a quality item. VERY DISAPPOINTING!
It was a good idea, but it will only let you keep it on for 30 minutes or 45 minutes. I got this to help keep my girlfriend warm because i always run way hot and her way cold. Well, with the 45 minute shut off if you fall asleep you wake up freezing. Also, there is no way to regulate the temperature like there is on all other heating blankets that i have ever used. It is just one heat level and its not all that hot, more like a warm, so over all I'm not to happy with this product.
My husband and I travel north several times per year. He gets hot and I get cold. This item is perfect for us. Even though we have dual climate control in our minivan, it still makes him uncomfortable when I turn my side up high. With this item, we were able to be happy while traveling. This item was worth the purchase. I love it.
The blanket is the size of an over-sized lap robe--just right for traveling but not too big or bulky.  Seemed to heat well.  Overall, I'm very happy with it.
The product does not heat, and since it has a timer on it, we are constantly resetting so that it may &#34;try&#34; to work. Will be attempting to return product.
It was winter weather in Chicago, and my mom has arthritis and I got this for her.  She said it made a world of difference for her to travel as a passenger.  I think for the elderly this is a must for travelers.  It did not get too hot either.  Material is soft.
Bought this for my wife. She likes it... what else is there to say? If there was something that could make it better, it would be a temperature control. Maybe.
This travel blanket is awsome.  My wife loves it. She does not have heated seates so this is the next best thing.  Plugs into the 12 volt power supply
I love it. very practical in especial conditions. it is as described and I would recommend this to every one.
Great for the cold days, I use it because my husband like it cooler then I do in the car, this keeps me nice and warm even when off
I havent used mine yet, but received the red plaid color instead of the blue as shown on site, no color choice offered & no mention of the possibility of receiving anything other that was shown.
I gave this as a gift to my son - his truck's heating system dosen't work too well. He loves this blanket - it keeps him warm to and from work - especially after work.  He is a driver at the factory - he is pretty cold when his shift is over.  Plugging in the blanket and putting it over his legs is great.  warms him up right away.
It heats up nicely and evenly and works well.  A good size for the backseat of your car.  Small enough to keep in the trunk.
What a dud!  I would never order this brand again.  I thought it was just me, but even the kids didn't feel heat coming from this blanket.  One of my coworkers uses it as a fleece throw while we are in the office since that it all it is good for. If I could give this zero stars I would (and I very RARELY give bad reviews).
Works just like it was advertized.  It's very big and easy to wrap up in.  Cheaper than the $1300 for my heater repair.
not to sure how it is bought it for a gift so i can only hope for the best im sure it is fine looks warm
Perfect size, long electrical cord that reaches the back seat. Would recommend to anybody that gets cold when traveling. Great for camping!
I love putting the top down in my convertible during the fall and even well into the winter. This blanket keeps my girlfriend nice and toasty while we enjoy the drive. The cord is long enough to reach the back seat from the front outlet and the blanket itself is big enough for two people.
Total satisfaction, works perfectly, everything ok, this product its ok, and it can be recommended for others users without doubt
Works great, you really can fell getting warmer. Great for Winter!!!Not bad for the price and good material. I would recomended it even for long trips
Heats promptly and is great for those cold mornings.  In the afternoon can be turned off but left over you against drafts.  Even protects you from the sunlight in the evenings.  Cord to the 12V oulet is also a good length.  Variable heat control would have been a nice touch.
Connected to a separate battery, I use it when I have to sleep in my SUV in winter for hunting. It keeps me warm.
The blanket is very warm and efficient.  It is keeping my truck driver husband warm on these cold nights on the east coast.
Great. It puts out great heat in the car. The auto shut off is good and adjustable from 30 to 45 minutes. Keep it handy for when you pick up Al Gore hitch hiking through all this global warming. Better yet, drive right on by and use this blanket for yourself.
I could not get this item to work.  I'm not sure if it was user problems or defective.  Luckily I was able to return it.
its long enough to fit on 09tyta tundra which we had trouble finding a lock that was lengthy enough, the only down side is that is rattles a lot but its not a big deal
I don't think the Chinese are using the same ruler that we use here in America. This package is clearly marked as fitting as 5.30x12 tire. Not even close. I'm fed up with buying foreign junk. Do not buy this cover expecting it to fit a 21 inch diameter tire.
The cover was EXTREMELY difficult to get on. It took my husband a very long time and he is strong and mechanical. He said if he ever had to take it off to get to the spare he would just cut it off. Not worth the hassle.
I bought this for my utility trailer spare tire.  It's 21" in diameter and on a 12" wheel.  According to the product description it should have fit but it didn't even come close to being able to go on the tire.  I was very disappointed and will be returning the cover.
This tire cover fits a 5.30 x 12 tire. There was some question that it did not fit. So I ordered one and tried it and it fits.
I ordered the wrong item.  It looked exactly the same as the one I should have ordered (RBC24).I was able to slide the cartridge into my battery tray and all of the screws fit perfectly.  But fail came when I tried to plug the power connector.  It also looked almost exactly the same, except for a small notch on the connector making it incompatible.  The specs for the batteries were slightly different.  This one has 7AH per battery, when the RBC24 I should have ordered is 7.5AH.I could not use this battery unit with my UPS.I tried to return it but Amazon doesn't allow you to return batteries.My mistake on the part number, but they should allow you to return batteries.
weldor that works this tool hard and i love it runing a 14in chopsaw blade it will cut most anything so hold on 2 it the power will take u 4 a ride!!!! POWERFULL TOOL AND REMEMBER THE  BEST TOOL IS IN YOUR HEAD USE IT THINK........... DONT DO WHAT I DO............ I LOVE THIS TOOL
I bought this Mini Dozer because it is compact, I didn't want it cluttering up my already cluttered up pickup. I've had a few chances to use it these past couple of weeks. The ice I've used it on was no match for it, but I haven't had a chance for the type of ice that you get with freezing rain; some of the toughest to remove. Can't wait....(What am I saying!?!?)Maybe the brush is a little small for snow removal, but it is compact. Which is why I wanted it.I found it easy to use overall, and worth the $10. If it busts up the really tough ice, it'll be the only scraper I ever have.
So far so good.  I have used it a few times and I felt it was worth it.
My husband and son laughed at me about this when I bought it.  They're not laughing now!  Love it!
This ice scraper has no mercy. I had a 5 day snowboarding trip, and i stayed in reno. At the moment there was a storm that hit north california. Not big enough to close the resort, but enough to freeze up all my windows on my car! But this iceDozer is just crazy! I have used so many ice scrapers, and i broke at least 5 ice scrapers in my lifetime, but the iceDozer made me worry that i might break my car when i use it. hahahaTip:- This ice scraper works great on glass, but it will scratch your paint if used on the paint surface!Awesome grand daddy scraper!!!!
IceDozer Plus Ergonomic Ice ScraperI recieved my dozer on the morning of our first ice storm of the year. when I left work everyone was scraping away at there cars. in just four easy swipes my truck windshield was spotless! I did five cars before my buddy had finished his half a-- job on his car! this is no joke! what a excellent product!! I have picked up seven to give to friends and family.
Purchased this scraper in December 09. Got to finally use here in Virginia during the blizzard we had in February. It's ok for pushing snow off your car; it pushes great, but it's not long enough to push snow all the way off your windshield or roof. The scraper works as expected, pretty good. The long handle lets you get more leverage for that thick ice. The brush attachment is kind of a pain. It constantly falls off of my scraper when I am using it or the scraper side. Overall, it's a decent scraper if you get it cheap enough, but you could probably do better with a normal hand scraper and a brush.
There's really not a lot of technology required to scrape ice off a windshield.  You just need a sharp, slightly curved edge that won't scratch the glass.  This product is WAY overkill.  You can get a perfectly effective ice scraper for less than $10 that is easier to store and can de-ice smaller areas like side mirrors.  In fact the blade on this unit is so big that unless the curvature of your windshield is just right, the entire blade doesn't make contact with the glass anyway.  Over designed, overly complex, and overly priced.
My car was crusted in a thick coat of ice. I was trying to scrape thru w/my acrylic scraper w/little success...when I remembered I got the ice dozer plus for christmas. I reached in the back seat, started scraping, and was done in 2 mins clearing all windows perfectly bare. I was on my way. I have already recommmended several people to invest in this product.
Okay, finally out east where I live we had our first storm. So I took out my new icedozer to try it out. I didnt realized its not wide nor very good for brushing snow off the car. I then used my 99 cent snow scraper to brush off the snow otherwise this icedozer would take me forever. While I tried brushing the snow off the car with the icedozer the brush fell off. I'd snapped it back on with no problem, but is it suppose to come off? For this price I would stay with those cheap snow ice brushes. Ergonomic on this is overrated. Stay with a hand ice scrapper and a snow brush. This is over priced and just a gimmick.Pros1)scrape ice off the door windows.Cons1)expensive2)small brush3)parts may fall offPS. I did use this on my door steps. It works well removing ice/snow.update.. was told brush can be removed, but by me or by itself?
This item is difficult and tricky to use. Also heavy to handle.May be good if ice was thick but as a general snow removal/ice removal implement for the vehicle (every day use) not that good.
I purchased one of these and when it arrived I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was "made in the USA".  When we had a thin layer of frost on our car, it worked just fine to remove it quickly and efficiently.  We have not yet had a major storm this winter, but I am certain that the IceDozer Plus will be equal to the task of removing the ice.  I was so impressed with the quality of this tool that I purchased three more as Christmas gifts for loved ones.
I bought the dozer after a bad freezing rain storm that took me over 45 minutes to clear the ice off of my car.  2 similar storms have came since I received the product.  Both times using it, I have been done scraping ice in less than 5 minutes and my morning commute was not delayed due to scraping ice. Most of the time big chunks come right off-its sweet. It almost seems that the ice hasn't been as tough as the first storm. I havent had any problems with the quality or durability.  I use the corner of the blade to expose a little bit of windshield, then let the full blades do the rest with a little elbow grease.  Ice comes off easily.  No worries.IceDozer Plus
I ordered this for Christmas.  But since we had an ice storm, I got it early.  I love it!  I was able to clear all of my car windows in a minute.  It is alot better that the cheap ice scrapers you get from some promotion from the Bank.  The Tenderizer Teeth cut thru the ice and the saw handle grip with the front grip really gave me the leverage to attack the ice.  I have read the other reviews and I will watch out for some of the short comings mentioned.  So far, the IceDozer Plus has performed very well.  Read the Instructions before using so you know what to use when.
This Ice Scraper arrived just before almost 3/8" of ice was deposited on my car.  It handled it easily, also allowing me to sweep the snow.  My only wish would be that it was a little longer - my wife hesitates to use it.
I am astounded that anyone finds this item useful.  The angle of the grip to the blade LOOKS cool, but works terribly.  My "dozer" just scraped right over the ice.  Thin ice is even harder to clear.I'll just scrape by with  older style of ice scraper.  BTW, I bought three of these.  Neither my wife nor my daughter liked the ones I got for them either.I would NOT recommend this product at all.
I found the IceDozer Plus ice scraper easy to use.  It is the best shaped ice scraper that I have used.  It takes less work to clear frost and ice than a conventional scraper. Keep in mind that you will need a snow brush for the snow covering vehicle hood and roof etc. Overall it is priced right for the level of performance.
I read all the reviews and thought I would try it even though there were a lot of bad reviews.Major complaints:It is just like a cheap scraper in that it only shaves a small strip of frost off the window and not a massive sweep like it advertises.Very hard to use.  I am 6' tall and tried to use this on a 2007 Camry.  So I was plenty tall enough and a Camry is not a big car.  I was having to lean up against the car just to get everything.  Not user friendly at all.Minor complaints:Not very sturdy.  Mine didn't break on the first use like other reviewers but it did feel like it could snap at any time.  There are a lot of pieces which means a lot of potential for breaking.Overall:I am returning this product.  It does not perform as advertised.  It is almost completely useless.
I don't understand how people enter negative reviews for this product.  The only issue I have had with it is that it's not the best for light frost.  It tends to just pass right over it, scraping only little strips on the windows.I tried it on ice shortly after I received it, as we had a freezing rain/snow mix ironically about a week later.  I was in the parking lot at work.  Some of my co-workers had come out before me, started their cars to get the defrosters working, and then scraping with the old-style scrapers.  I broke out my IceDozer and had all my windows cleared in less than 5 minutes.  I was done, but my co-workers were still scraping away, but only making minimal progress on just their windshields.  I bought 2 more after that experience: 1 for my second car and 1 for a gift.Obviously, I would definitely buy again as well as highly recommend it to others.
I bought this IceDozer half-way into one of the worst New England winters on record.  It has been fantastic.  I only wish that I had bought it sooner.
These were gifts for Christmas, everyone who got them liked the style we just got snow so now I should be hearing if they work or not.
did not work very good at all.  used it once and my cheapo hand scraper that cost 2 bucks was superior
We live in Texas and with this horribale winter blast, I have been scraping Ice and snow off of everyones windsheild.Its ver sturdey although it took a little while to learn how to use the right way!
works exceptionally well for windshield ice, which is what its intended for. but the narrow contact surface quadripples the work needed to simply clear off softer snow. extending the sides just slightly on each end would have gone a long way.
This product is the best.  Last year, my kids were fighting for the right to remove the ice and snow from my car.  This tool just demolishes the ice.  And the snow mover (that is another one of their products) is great for pushing the snow off of the hood and roof of my car.... without me getting covered with snow doing it.I can't wait for this winter... and I have already stocked up on these for friends and family for Christmas.
Doesn't this sound like the most ideal tool for your car after a the snow falls? Well, it's so not that.  Each little added feature fell off during the very first time I used it.  The little brush came off first and I ended up using it as a separate tool for cleaning off my mirrors.  I gave two of these as gift and was embarrassed to discover that those were as cheaply made and feel apart as quickly as my own did.  Skip this unless you want lots of little plastic pieces and one very basic, sort of OK scraper left over.
I bought this on a whim (in spite of the reviews) in order to combat the 6-15 inches of snow and 2-4 inches of ice we get about once a month now that global warming is freezing my butt off. That was four years ago and it's still going strong.The first thing I noticed is that it's plastic. Plastic is not made for you to bang on the windshield and really crack through 4 inches of ice. My solution was to run the car with the defroster on high for 10 mins, which forms a layer of water under the ice.Once that's finished I just walk out there with my IceDozer and chip at the ice by scraping at the bottom driver's side corner with force. After about 5 or 6 chips (using the corner of the dozer) the ice shatters and runs off the windshield like it's supposed to.Works like a charm and my kids love the huge 4 ft long sheets that fall off and shatter on the ground.Also, I read the reviews about the handle breaking toward the rear. I've found that if you push with the front (top) handle and drive with the rear (yellow) handle then it doesn't stress the long plastic of the handle and even performs better since you can bear down on thick ice better from the top handle.So sure, it's plastic. But it's fourteen bux. I guaran-dang-tee you won't find a better ice moving toy for that price that protects your hands, lets you transfer power to the ice, and covers the square footage this thing does if you use it like I do.
This product works as advertised, removes the ice quickly. I have used it on a few ocassions so far and has not disappointed.
NOTE: This is NOT a snow brush -- it is meant primarily for scraping ice.Bought one for each vehicle.  Hands-on experience makes me regret decision.  Bought too far in advance of last winter so by time used, too late to return.Way too big.  If you have rear seat passengers, must be stored in trunk.  Then when it snows, opening trunk sends all snow into...?Better value/convenience?  Buy a hand scraper with a soft metal (brass?) blade.  It'll outdo this one and can be tossed on the floor in the back seat.  Will last long time too.The detachable brush is a joke.  For what?  MAYBE brushing off rear-view mirror.  It just gets in way -- I wound up detaching and tossing in trunk separately.
It broke the first time I used it.  This product is a waste of money.
It takes a bit more time to brush the fresh snow considering how small the brush is and often times it falls off and you'd have to either manually brush or reattach it but other than that, it is powerful and it doesn't take a lot of space in your trunk.
The IceDozer is great for getting ice off of your windshield and car - it breaks right through even thick cakes of ice (quarter inch or so). But when you're actually getting snow accumulation on your car, the brush that comes with isn't super helpful. I think for a real &#34;prepared to clean your car&#34; trunk package, you'd need to combine this with a brush option for the fluffy stuff!
I have this and the ice dozer mini. I have to say that the mini works much better for the typical small amounts of frost we get in nj. We just had an ice storm and without this i would not have been able to get into my car or get the windows clear. I couldnt warm up my car and it still did a good job. With the glaze i used a de icer spray, and then scored an x with the corner of the blade. from there the tenderizers worked if i pushed toward the center of the x i made. Works great for the chunky ice after a snowstorm. It beats any little scraper by far for that. I cant imagine if i was able to warm my car up, but besides being encapsulated by ice, i dont like to waste the gas.Pete
I call her big bertha and she gets the job done. This is the LenDale White of ice scrapers. It sees ice on the windshield and says "brrrrracccgh" next thing you know, the ice is GONE. Lolz. The lil bayby ice dont stand a chance.
I love it,a ice scraper that every car should have.At the beginning people will look at you as crazy but once they see the Big daddy scraper in action; they will come to you amaze and ask you where did you get it..lol
I've had this ice scraper for 2 years now and I can say that it is definitely a great tool, especially considering the snowy/icy winter we've had in the Northeast this year. I bought the Plus which has the removable soft brush attachment thingy and as I was banging away to remove some ice, sadly it broke. Not to fear. This product comes with a Lifetime Warranty and they gladly stood by their product. Don't listen to any negative reviews. If you're looking for a sturdy, reliable and easy to use ice scraper that is fairly inexpensive, this would be the tool to get!
This product is designed for and works best with the worst ice imaginable.  The notch for cleaning ice off of wipers has been very useful on my older cars.  However I have had limited success removing simple frost, it is difficult to find the correct amount of pressure to get the blade to match the window exactly.  If you frequently get thick ice this is an excellent option.
the icedozer is one of the best purchases i have ever bought. I no longer struggle on cold days with getting ice off by car.
First off, I don't own one of these and haven't tried it at all. But I watched the video and it's quite apparent that it was faked to mislead the potential customer. The ice in most scenes where the Dozer is being used has obviously been heated from underneath so as to loosen any bonding to the glass. You can see it slide around smoothly with a dampened effect that can only be caused by the presence of a liquid layer. The regular ice scrapers are being used on hard-frozen ice though. Truly a very misleading presentation.
It is like a bulldozer.  You cant break it.  Most ice scrapers are pansy devices.  You cant take them and smash ice.  This thing is amazing.  You can take it and smash it into your windshield and the teeth break the ice.  Then use it like a block plane to scrape it off.  The blade conforms to the shape of the windshield.  There is so much incredible engineering in this thing if you examine it closely.  It is like the better mouse trap, only it IS better.
This is a worthless piece of crap.  The handle broke the first time I used it and the ice was not that thick.  It is made of cheap plastic and don't buy this.
North Texas doesn't get a lot of icy weather and after only a couple of uses per year, the IceDozer broke this year just when I needed it and began to use it.  The handle is relatively thin where the scraper is mounted and it snapped mid-stroke.  I'll go back to a lower priced, single piece of plastic ice scraper.
I can't believe I bought this for the 08-09 winter and it's still my go-to snow remover.  It clears 6+ inches wide of ice off the windows per pass, clearing each window in just a few seconds.  It does not have the reach needed to clear your car of multiple inches of snow- I have a Sno Brum for that.  This is undeniably the best ice scraper I've used on those days when your car is encased in a layer of ice.
This ice scraper has GOT to be the best one I've ever seen...and I've seen plenty.  Although I currently live in Alabama, I was born and raised in Wisconsin.  I've been through plenty of these things.Bear in mind I have not yet actually used this implement.  That being said, there are some things I know will be very nice to have on an ice scraper:It has a detachable small scraper that can fit in your pocket (no more cassette tape or CD cases broken on ice).It has a small brush - good for light snow.  I'd still pull out the broom for a heavy snow.It has a notch for clearing ice from wiper blades - nice addition.It has some little claw-like tips for breaking up ice, making it easier to clear.The handle is long enough to help even the vertically challenged (such as myself) to reach the middle of the windshield of all but the largest and tallest of trucks.This is made of a heavy duty plastic.  It looks like it may have some fiberglass in it.  I sincerely doubt this thing will break - maybe if you drive over it.The biggest threat I could think of in buying this is having to hunt it down when you want it. Everyone will want to use this and will, no doubt, "accidentally" toss it in their vehicle after they "borrow" it!
The Ice Dozer was a little disapointing.  The handle could be 4 inches longer and the ice scraper blade isn't any better than the standard ice scraper.
For normal snow and ice this product is not as good as the least expensive windshield ice scrapper you can find at any supermarket.
I'm in the Boston-area and most winter mornings I wake up to ice on my windshield. I was looking for something that would cut through thick ice, as well as lighter coatings, quickly and easily. I was hopeful for the IceDozer, but ultimately disappointed with the performance. It definitely does not clear large swaths in a single swipe, as the description claims it will. That was one of the things I was looking forward to. The way you can grip the handle to apply pressure is nice, but it does get awkward as you try to reach the center of the windshield. My bottom line is that it's not any better than a regular plastic scraper, with the downside that it's very large to store in your car.
I love it. Clears the ice very fast and you dont need to continue to scrape in one area.
My father-in-law in Boston sent me this report: "Did a real test on the new ice scraper this morning. There was about 1" of snow last night then sleet and freezing rain, so by 7 AM the car had 1/2 inch of ice on the windshield and back window and a good 1/4 inch on the side windows. I started the car, got out the scraper, and in about 5 minutes or less all the windows were clear. A friend used the IceDozer scraper both Monday (1/4" of ice) and again today;  he said it worked great."
I DIDNT THINK THIS SMALL FIRST AID KIT WAS WORTH THE MONEY.  THE CASE WAS CUTE, BUT THE INSIDE WAS LAME.  COULD HAVE FILLED WITH MORE AND BETTER ITEMS.
This works quickly and easily.  It is also very accurate.  The best part about it is how easily the seal is obtained.  No more wild hissing as the air leaks out while trying to read the pressure!The &quot;lifetime&quot; lithium battery powers the gauge itself, but there is a second replaceable battery that powers the backlight. So, there are batteries to replace every so often if you want a backlight for the readout.
I've owned CarpetSaver for 2.5 years and my experience has been different than the reviewer who gave it 5 stars.CarpetSaver can prevent DIRT from getting onto the underlying Carpet as long as you are careful to vacuum it and wash it frequently enough.  I've been vacuuming CarpetSaver once a week and washing it once every couple of months.  (I live here alone and remove my shoes when entering the house.)Here's the problem:  I've found that CarpetSaver has NOT prevented the underlying carpet from GETTING WORN.  After all, the carpet is still under pressure from stepping on it, with or without CarpetSaver.  As a matter of fact, I actually suspect CarpetSaver's continual presence on the carpet has accellerated the flattening out and tangling of underlying carpet fibers.  Yes, I do realize that CarpetSaver is very light, but its presence does seem to have accellerated the flattening out of the underlying carpet. I initially bought CarpetSaver, and installed it on the stairs, because I was mainly looking to protect the carpet on the noses of the steps, but it seems to have accellerated the wear of the carpet on the flat parts of steps.To those reporting better results: could this be due to your removing CarpetSaver more frequently and vacuuming the underlying carpet more frequently?  Maybe vacuuming the underlying carpet more frequently would prevent CarpetSaver from causing the underlying carpet fibers to flatten out?  (But I'd hate to have to remove CarpetSaver once a week to vacuum the underlying carpet in addition to vacuuming CarpetSaver itself once a week)Perhaps those with better results have a different carpet type than mine.  Are you SURE you haven't experienced any accellerated flattening out and tangling of the underlying carpet as the result of using CarpetSaver?UPDATE:  I feel I should also point out that you MUST regularly vacuum CarpetSaver and you MUST wash it at the first sign of any ground in dirt.  Don't be lulled into thinking that dirt can't potentially pass through CarpetSaver and get through to the underlying carpet, because dirt CAN potentially pass through CarpetSaver.  Granted this is unlikely to happen if you vacuum it at least once a week and wash it at the first sign of any visible ground in dirt.
Hi,I have used carpet saver on my carpeted stairs for 2+ years.  I also use it as a runner when coming into the finished basement from the garage leading across my carpeted floor to my carpeted stairs.  I have read the negative reviews and I assume there must be a difference in opinion on what this is and how it is used.Carpet Saver is a thin fabric covering with a thin foam backing.  I lay it on my carpeted stairs.  It naturally  adheres to the carpet, but it is not sticky.  My kids go up and down the stairs many times and it stays in place.  Once a month I lift it up and put it in the wash.  It has held up to washing and drying for 2+ years.  Its amazing to see the stains on the carpet saver THAT ARE NOT ON MY CARPET.  It makes you appreciate how much dirt is being picked up by the carpet saver.I swear by this stuff.  It is much easier to wash the carpet saver than steam clean the carpet.  I have seen folks who have recarpeted their house and I hate to see the new stains on their new carpet.  But if you tell them that they can protect it but have to spend a few bucks on carpet saver, they just hope for the best.  I also keep a 4 foot section of it on my entry way rug.  When we have company, I just lift it up, put it in the closet and my entryway rug looks great.  Carpet Saver cuts easily so you can cut it to the length you need.Thanks for looking at my review.
Talked to the company in length for description. I was sure this was going to be the runner I needed over my carpeted stairs. I have small inside dogs and wanted something that would clean eaisly, but being in my entrance way, it would also have to look nice. This is a cheap piece of very, very, very, thin foam. The only thing I could use this for is a backing under an area rug. It is just too ugly to describe and it does not lay completely flat on stairs. There is always a place not sticking or wrinkled. Pretty expensive for just a days use for movers too. I suggest you run, not walk, away from this one. $50 down the drain.
The product was not in its original condition.  While the ad clearly stated the size, the picture misrepresented it, in that it was the manufacturers picture showing it in full size.  It was also listed as "new," which it wasn't since it had been cut in half.  Would not buy from the seller again.
I bought this as a replacement for my Hubby. It works very well, quiet, nice construction. The cables could be a bit longer but other than that it is a no brainer purchase!
The day I received the charger I used it on 3 batteries that have been laying around for 3 months since my last charger gave out. All three charged with no issues.
I wanted something relatively cheap that would let me charge several different types of batteries quickly and completely. This baby fits the bill. I use it to keep a marine battery that doesn't get a lot of use, charged, and a field battery pack for my telescope. I just hook each one up periodically for a couple of hours, and I don't have to worry about whether I've overcharged them or not. I've used it for about 6 months now, and both batteries are doing fine.
Great light!  However, I had the same problem as the other person.  I guess it depends on the trailer..?  But this is actually for the right side.  (the passenger side of a car.)
Gave all appearences of a good lock and bought two.  But, strong pulling pressure and a simple twist and the body and shaft separate and come apart. No key needed to open.  Complete failure as a lock.
I got this to lock our trailer latch and it works great. It is adjustable so it works on that wide latch setup that our other typical master lock is too short to fit in.
We used this lock on our motorcycle trailer, and our trailer was stolen the first time we used it.  The police said that the suspects in the area spray freon on these and they just snap with the hit of a hammer.  The lock gives no protection from theft.
I purchased this product for my Son-In-Law for Christmas and I am hoping he will really like it and will be useful for him.  I'm pretty sure it will be something he will like and use often as he is always working on our cars or some neighbors.
very easy to move around under your vehicle. May need to jack the car a little higher to accommodate the extra height but it is great for the freedom of movement.
I am 6'1" and 200 lbs and the size of this roller easily accommodates my size.  My arms are completely free to work on my vehicle.It could be a bit lower, but in general is exactly what I wanted.  The rolling is *very* easy.
This creeper is well made with the exception they got cheap with the number of staples holding the material on the backside.  Casters are if medium quality, but okay for most applications.
This bugflector caused buffeting and wind noise against the top of the windshield of my Silverado.  It helped keep bugs off, but I just couldn't stand the noise.
I ordered this LUND bug shield thinking it would be of the same quality as the shield it was replacing (LUND #730438).  First thing I noticed was the thickness of this shield was thinner and very flimsy compared to my previous Lund shield.  I don't like the way it hugs the front edge of the hood - sticks up too high and looks like it will be flapping in the wind at 70 mph.  I have not had the chance to drive the truck on the xway yet but I can tell just by the flimsy nature of the plastic that it will be a problem.  It'll probably crack after my first visit thru the car wash.  For the cost of this shield, I could have purchased a competetors shield for much less with the same quality had i known LUND had cheapened their product. I would not recommend this bug shield for what it costs.
This bug shield is an excellent value, priced well below any products offered by the auto parts stores I visited. It fits perfectly and was simple to install. Everything was just as described and shipping was right on time.
The perfect kit for those whose auto-locking hubs have gone bad.  I had to purchase and additional convesion kit.  Both the kit and these hubs were very well built and easy to install.
This manual locking hub set was used to replace the auto hubs on a 96 Ford Ranger. We have messed with trying to keep the auto hubs working but they finally fell apart.These hubs along with the Spindle Nut Kit were a breeze to install and fit and worked great.Should have done this a long time ago.
This is a high quality made in USA product. It installed easily and functions perfectly. Warn is the best. This fixed my factory malfunctioning auto locking hubs.
Easy install on 92 explorer. Required conversion kit. I don't understand why they require so many words for a product review.
I wish I could only have bought one of these, but they were only sold in pairs so now I have a backup.  The hubs are easy to put on, except they take 2 special axle nuts per axle.  Each round nut has 4 slots and needs a special tool to tighten (torque).  I had zero luck trying to find rebuild kits for this hub.  If they exist they might have been cheaper.  The last hub I had got ruined from loose axle nuts.
cause had them on another truck and they worked just fine.so i know they are a good hub.would bye again.
Bought for my Dana 35 TTB front axle on ranger.  I'm really happy with these hubs.  Installation is a breeze and I'm finally done with my pos auto hubs. But....  I discovered after buying these "that they are not as strong as the P/N 37780 hubs that Warn introduced together with their full-float rear axle conversion kits for the YJ and TJ Jeep Wranglers. Because these hubs were to be used on a rear axle, they had to be very strong. This became the time Warn had to finally upgrade their somewhat weak "Top-hat" style hubs.  The Jeep hub is physically no different on the outside than the standard hub. It is a 100% direct replacement."quoted from [...]So why not buy the stonger ones instead?Do your own research first, I didn't buy 37780 I bought 29071 which I'm reviewing now, but I believe the above info to be true.
These work great in place of the auto locking hubs that come factory.  Even though you must engage them manually it is well worth knowing you have a decent 4x4 system.
These are replacement parts, the first set broke. These have done well for my son who loves to go mudding. No complaints, will buy these parts again if we need them.
My auto hubs started acting up on my 1997 Ford Ranger. They would not fully lock in and would bump and the truck would hop and lose traction and then take off again.  I would have to turn the selector switch up to seven times to disengage them.  Even though the 4wd high light would go out you could hear the whine of the hubs trying to engage. Found these hub conversions and bought the spindle nut kit to go with them.  Got them done just in time to try out in a snow.  No problems... truck went in the snow wherever I wanted to go. Thank you for this product.
I purchased this one for my dog since he is 13 years old and have trouble climb into the truck (Chevy 2012 1500 work truck).  He has no problem using it.  I am happy with the product.
It looks great on my dodge durango and it was easy to install. the only reason why I gave a four stars is it would be better if it came with the mountings... that was the only problem, so I had to wait another 2 weeks for it..but the steps it self was awesome...love it..
This Westin step board for a GMC, is a direct replacement for the original equipment. It looks great and is very durable. You will also need Westin mounting kit #27-1645
They where easy to install . With a little help .About 45 min to install . Made ride look great.
Product was delivered promptly and in good condition.  This product enhanced the appearance of my vehicle and was easy to install.  Directions were simple to understand, I am very satisfied with this Tonneau Cover. One tip,  bring cover indoors and let it lay rolled out for a few hours to let it breathe out of the box before placing on vehicle.  This made for an easier install.
These are nice factory looking running boards, and the step lights was what I was looking for. With the installation kit the price was great!
I ordered these steps for my 2012 Tacoma. These are nice steps and I really like them. The problem was the light and wiring protector didn't fit. I called Westin and after a while they agreed that it doesn't fit my application. My question is, why should I have to pay for something so important and necessary, then to find out they were too lazy to supply the correct part to begin with? Another important note, the Amazon website said nothing about having to purchase a separate mounting kit. Thanks...
Much less costly to order online.  I could not find a dealer with a set that fit my Eddie Bauer edition vehicle. The one or two I did find were extremely costly. The lights on each end are great at night.
I'm not too impressed with the floor liners.  they are thinly made, don't hold position in the carpeting and are slicker than snot when you have wet feet.  I regret the purchase.
I purchased these mats for my Chevy Silverado.  They fit great, catch all the water, snow, dirt, etc. and are easy to clean.  I will be putting these in all my trucks from now on.
Very Good Product !! Fitment was right on & the sharp nubs on the back hold to the carpet tightly - It leaves no open spots for the carpet to get dirty
Was worried when I saw that the plastic material was not overly thick. However, they fit my 2006 Avalanche perfectly (front and rear) and are doing an excellent job of collecting wet beach sand on a small Caribbean island.
These are not the most heavy duty floor mats made by Husky Liner, but I bought these because in conjunction with the center hump mat, the entire front carpet is protected. I had the heavy duty ones in my old truck. They were great, but did not cover the entire carpet. The lip around the edge of these prevents spills from escaping the mat. They fit perfectly and don't slide around.
Best liner out there. Perfect fit, great durability, also sporty custom look. Don't waste your money on anything else but these!
I HAVE THESE IN MY 2007 CGMC CLASSIC PICUP THE WORK VERY WELL. BUT THEY SEEM A LITTLE TO BE NOT AS HEAVY DUTY AS THE ONES I GOT 5 YEARS AGO.
perfect fit, and keeps me from seeing the ragged carpet underneath because previous owner was a numbskull and did not take care of carpet.
Item is exactly as described. Perfect fit and stay in place very well in my 2005 avalanche.  Much better than factory floor mats.
I have sets of these for both my wife's vehicle and mine and they are outstanding. Very easy to take out/clean/etc and they certainly stay in place.
These mats are superior to any mats that you might purchase at your local SUPER CENTER or any AUTOZONE store. They are custom made for the application so there is absolutely NO sliding around. They fit snug! Hold melted snow and mud nicely. No worries of that leaking onto the carpet with these either. Highly recommended. Shop around. Find your application and the color you need then search for that part number here at Amazon. I did and received them within the week. Also received FREE shipping which made it that much greater.
If you gotta truck and you spend time outdoors, your boots are gonna get muddy at some point. These do an excellent job of keeping the dirt in the tray and protecting your carpet. Easy to take in and out for cleaning. Would definitely recommend these. Don't waste your money on cheap floor mats.
Good quality, perfect fit and I like the lip on these.  I will probably pick some up for my suv.
Ordered this for my 00 Silverado and it's a perfect fit! I love that it's got a lip so that all the dirt is kept on the liner. Well worth the money.
They did not fit my 2006 Silverado 1500 4x4.  They are molded, and do not fit around the 4 wheel transfer level.
The word custom is used loosely in the description for the floor liners. i have a 2011 ram 1500 and they dont fit right and i would say it is a lie that they are custom for this style of truck (eventhough it says it "fits" this model it does not) you are better off spending the extra and getting the actual Dodge OEM Mopar parts instead.
I got these for my new-to-me 2003 Chevrolet Avalanche.  They great and do not move once placed.  I also bought the rear set.  They seem to keep all the dirt in place and are easy to shake out.  Definitely recommend.
These were the fourth set of liners that I have purchased for that many different vehicles. I have recommended this brand to many of my customers that I detail their vehicles.
Ordered a set for my Silverado WT and they do not fit the contours of the floor remotely. They slide around quite a bit. I bought a set of Weathertech liners for my Rav4 and they fit like a glove and are much nicer looking. The Huskys look like a warped slab of cheap plastic.
No too much to be said.  The filter feels well make and looks cool.  Easy to install.  Worth the money knowing I have a quality product in my truck.
Fits snug, looks good, sounds good, is good.  I cut my air filter holder a little bit so i can see the end of my filter.  Gives it a little more air flow BUT requires cleaning more often.
First time K & N buyerSure notice a difference in both power and gas milage. Easy to install. Just swap the air filters basically. Easy to maintain. Money saver
Since I installed this K & N filter in my motor home my gas mileage has increased from 10 to 11.5.  I'm using it in a Ford Triton V10 engine.  The filter will pay for itself on the first trip
i have had a K&N filter on every vehicle i have every owned they last forever and are the best on the market i could tell a complete change in my triton V8 i have no clue the gas mileage but it always helps
Okay, I finally cleaned this thing, 2 years/50k miles after installation.I drive a Ford E350 Van with a 6.8Liter V10 engine, converted to 4x4. I've made numerous trips from the San Francisco area up to Vancouver, Idaho, Death Valley, Utah, and to burningman (one of the dustiest places I've been).After last year's burningman, I did have to stop on the side of the road and beat out a huge pile of dust from the filter; my car was barely able to make it over the mountain pass to get back home. After beating the dust out (it left a huge pile), the car ran perfectly again. Other than that, it's been ~50k miles since installed.Tonight, I gave the filter it's first cleaning. The inside of the filter looked as clean as new. However, the outside of the filter was a disaster. I used the K&N; cleaning kit. After the first cleaner process, and running water through the filter (I did it in the shower), 5 minutes of running water later, and it was still a solid brown river going down the drain. And there were several dozen huge insects (bees and other things) in there, too. But the inside of the filter was clean, and the car's been running fine through all this. A winner in my book.I will try to remember to clean it yearly, now, though.
I have been using K&N; air filters in my dirt bikes since the mid 1970's. I have used them in everything from Honda Elsinores to Jeep CJ's, Yamaha YZ's, Jeep Cherokee's, and now my F150 and my daughter's Dodge Avenger.K&N; is a great value, not only in increased horsepower and better fuel economy, but also it is servicable and lasts a lifetime. Improved performance, less maintenance, better filtration, lasts forever, fits perfectly, installs easily. Buying a K&N; filter is a no-brainer.
Easy installation in my truck.  Slight increase in power maybe.  No noticeable increase in gas mileage.  Definitely tougher than the disposable paper filters.
Installed it on my 03 F150 with a 4.6 liter.  Perfectly matched.  After installation I noticed improvement in power and slight mpg.  Great price and fast shipment.
First a few mechanic friends of mine recommend it highly and my brother has a fleet of vans and saves alot in fuel in the long run. Right away i noticed more power in the F150 but still have to check mileage by topping it off then letting it go to empty then filling up again and writing down the miles and gallons used. It was a little trickier getting it in compared to the stock filter because it kept wanting to slip out while trying to clamp it in from the oil i guess. I don't understand how the oil doesn't block air flow but apparantly it doesn't and just needs to be cleaned about once a year or depending on dust conditions.
Purchased this filter as a replacement to the stock paper one. Installed easy, however I did see a slight drop in my highway furl mileage, about half a mile. Maybe it will improve after it has been in for a while.
I waited until my F-150 had 125,000 miles on it to get the K&N filter for it and now wish I had bought it sooner.  The engine response on acceleration improved noticeably, while gas mileage only improved very fractionally.  I like it a lot, but understand that cleaning and re-oiling it will not only be a chore when the time comes, but it might also be a bit pricey (almost as much as the original filter.)  Considering this costs about 2x what an air filter at Jiffy-Lube costs, maybe that's ok, and I'll reserve judgment until I've actually done the cleaning and re-oiling once.  In the meantime, I have smoother, quicker acceleration, and I'm pleased.  I used 4-stars instead of 5 because of the cost/work of cleaning....
This air filter is the best thing you can put in your truck for less than $100 my truck feels like it has A LOT more horsepower and the accelerator is not as sticky anymore I highly recommend this product!!
this fits perfect, did not see any difference but my truck has 190,000 so i did this as a preventative measure, and will last forever and the price was right
Bought to replace OEM filter in my Ford E250 Van, fits perfect! Didn't expect fuel mileage increase just not to have to replace the air filter ever again ! (Duh Huh)
I have used this filter before and will continue to buy it when I need it.  Great productBuy it !!
Significantly less for a K&N filter than one of the major auto parts stores.  Sent in an expeditious manner and still use it today.
I just replaced the original air filter on my 2001 Ford F-250 V-10 Super Duty with a K&N replacement. I thought I'd see a noticable difference but I didn't notice any change at all. I haven't driven it enough to check the mileage. I've heard that a replacement filter won't make as much differance as a whole K&N cold air intake setup. So if you're looking for a dramatic surge in horsepower, the replacement won't give it to you. You need the cold air intake. That's why it's $140.00 or so more than just the replacement filter. I will say that it's cheaper than an OEM element and with periodic cleanings it's permanent too. Not bad at all for the money.
fit was good and best of all  i never have to buy another air filter for my trucki would recomend to a friend
Didn't really need more power since it's a v10 but like the idea of a lifetime filter.  Installed easily, can hear the air during acceleration.
Great quality product!  This product greatly enhanced  both the gas mileage and performance of my automobile. I highly recommend this product!!!
This was a replacement filter a for a K&N that had 100,000 miles on it. The new filter was almost the price of the kit to clean the old one.
It have given awesome power and works great on a 5.4 Liter, 2003 Ford Eddie Bauer Expedition!  Buy one fast!
What an easy and inexpensive way to save on fuel and add to the performance of my vehicle.  Easy  to install
This product came in 2 days. Thanks! Was easy to install on my 2000 Ford F-150. I could definitely feel an increase in horsepower.
This fit on my 2008 Ford F150 4.2 liter V6. I only get about one more MPG with this filter. It doesn't help on take off power, but on the top end you can really tell a difference. When I'm running about 55 or 60 and I need to pass someone the power is there now.
I bought this for my dad's 2002 F-150 and he noticed a 1 MPG improvement when driving around town. Great air filter overall.
easy to install and easy to clean.  never have to purchase another air filter again.  not sure if it is helping with gas mileage but K & N filters are highly recommended.when I buy another truck, will definitely purchase another one.
These filters are great.  I have used them in my sports cars for as long as I can remember.  I just recently purchased on for my wife's truck so I could stop replacing dirty OEM replacement filters that have a short life.  This was only a little more expensive than the cheap foam filters and will last forever.  I highly recommend K&N filters to stop spending money on lower quality filters.
Do i feel a power difference, nope...but I have have this filter for 6 years and it saved me money not buying new filters.  Very easy to clean. Would highly recommend.
happy how fast I got and took a minute to install can feel a different soon as you take a drive.
Was the easiest 2mpg I could have gotten for the price!  Installed on a 2007 f-150.  SHould have done it long ago.
The product is a quality made filter. It fits properly and installs like any air filter. My second K&N filter, the first was for a BMW.
easy install and smoother acceleration.1 million mile warranty and helps me burn less fuel in my ford 150 econoline van..
I have used K&N air filters for years in everything I have had for which they make the filter.  They work fine and I have never needed to replace one of them.  Simply clean them occasionally and reinstall.  I can't comment on any power increases but like the  product.
For the most part high performance air filters are all the same. In the end it all comes down to build quality and personal choice. The filter was easy to install and gave me a few extra horsepower.Installed in a 2004 Ford Expedition 5.4L V8
Worked great
I have own a few fords in my life and they all get the k&n filter they are the best and you will never need to buy another for ever and ever sometimes you forget that darn filter and you say oh poop that filter has been in for 30-40 thousand miles you pull it out and its only half dirty cannot say that for a standard paper filter the kit to clean and oil your k&n is just a little of your time bottom line money well spent
I HAVE USED K&N FILTERS ON QUITE A FEW DIFFERENT VEHICLES AND IT HAS SAVED ME MONEY OVER THE YEARS AND GIVEN ME GOOD PERFORMANCE.
Superb filter that will last for many years.  Previously purchased in 2003 for my F-150 and had no regrets. This one should last until I get rid of the truck!!
I've had my K&N air filter for my F-150 4.6L engine for 3 years now, and it continues to perform above expectations. Even the cleaning process is a snap, and gives me reassurance that I will continue to get a lot more life out of it. What I like the most about this product is its almost immediate results when it comes to acceleration (though I'm not really into stepping on it these days), as well as the 11% fuel savings I generate on the highway; I have proven this time and time again for the same 232 mile jaunt. This air filter has put money in my pocket over the years. I highly recommend this product, especially in the new era of high gas prices and price-gouging.
I don't know if I gained any MPG with my V/10 Motor Home, however, I believe the engine breaths better. I use K&N filters in all my vehicles including my Honda Goldwing.
This worked awesome on my Lexus IS350!  Some modification was necessary to the air box still.  I put this on before I got the Lexus exhaust and this by itself made the car way more throaty and peppy.
Got this for my 2003 F-150 Heritage Edition. Instant power increase, better get up and go and just all around a much better set-up than the stock filter. I feel like I got a slight mileage increase, but it's been hard to tell for sure with the crazy sub-zero temps we've been having here in MN lately. Regardless of that, this filter will save you money in the long run either way as it will outlast the truck you put it in and you'll never have to buy another one.On a side note, it might be a good idea to save your original filter to drop in while you have your K&N; pulled out for cleaning and oiling.I say go for it! You won't be dissapointed!
Super easy to install, flexible but does the job very well. Looks very nice on my truck!  Thanks for including the clear rubber feet (w/sticky stuff on 1 side) to put the vehicle just behind the two corners (left/right sides) of the shield. This prevents the shield from ever making contact with the vehicle and protects the paint well.
I bought this for my 2001 Ford F-250 to replace my other bug shield which has taken a beating. This one is not as thick of plastic as my old one, a bit more flexible. It is taller which I like. It also sticks out past the fenders more giving more protection. It sits away from the hood further then my first one.  Very easy to install. It was boxed very well and wrapped good.
Very nice and installation was quick. You need to wait for a warm day to install it to ease installation.
I would not recommend purchasing anything from this company due to extremely poor customer service. This is not related to Amazon, only Extang. I will never purchase an Extang product again.
I have been using Extang roll-up covers on my trucks for years and all have been excellent including the BlackMax.  I love the snaps all the way around, so that I have access to the front corners of the bed, saves crawling in when something decides to slide up there.  I have never had an Extang roll-up cover fail in any way and have had them in cold/snowy as well as intense sun environments.  With that said, I do take care of my covers properly.  Anything will deteriorate if not taken care of.If your looking for a good roll-up cover, look not further than Extang.
I have this tonneau on my vehicle and it is simply great.  It went on in less than 10 minutes.  Everything fit together perfectly and it looks great, plus it is backed up by a lifetime warranty.  I'm looking forward to the Gas Savings...over 10%.  I would not buy any other brand...Extang is the largest manufacturer in the U.S. and for good reason.
We are very happy with these new covers for both the S10 truck and the Sonoma too!They arrived quickly and with no missing parts so we could install them right away.
Item was very easy to install and does a great job at preventing damage to the hood of the car.
this bug shield is a must for Colorado gravel during ski season.  our prior one ( another brand) finally cracked at 8 years old and we replaced it with this.  it fit our suburban LT 2002 perfectly and was a breeze to install.  hoping it lasts many more years.
The product has an OEM fit and look, at a good, reasonable price. I have used Husky liners on other vehicles.
When I was checking these out on Amazon it said they will fit my 2009 Tahoe but they don't so now what?
I won't give them too much flack as there are dozens of drill patterns in silverados, suburbans, sierras I'm sure, but then don't call them custom. I needed to have a drill on hand, and even then you can't really get these on easily. Might have been easier if I had a full jack to raise the car up overhead and could get a bright light in there to see how to put them on more easily.
These front mud guards fit perfect without any drilling and look great. Wish I could say that for the rears I ordered.
These mud-flaps are a quality product. This is the best price that i found on them.
These seem to be pretty good quality and were relatively easy to instal.  I ordered a set for the rear at the same time and they sent me the wrong ones even though the computer said they would fit.
These mud flaps fit well and required no special modifications to make them fit on my truck, 2007 Chevy Silverado 3500 Crew SRW.  The style matches the truck and fits well with the factory fender flares.
They fit my truck as intended and do a great job protecting my truck. Great price for these through amazon.
I looked at several different sets of mud flaps. These were matching to the set I bought for the rear. Perfect fit and easy installation.
The running boards were simple to install.  I didn't even have to drill any holes.  You might want to go on the company's website to double check if it will fit your vehicle.
These liners are great.  Keep that melted snow and mud off the carpet.
I bought these instead of the WeatherTech.That was a big mistake.These mats soon lost their molded fit and they don't contain the mud and water like advertised.
This is the second set of these i have purchased for different trucks. Expensive, but worth it. If you are ever in the field you should have these
YOU WILL NEVER BE DISAPPOINTED WITH HUSKEY LINERS. THEY ARE THE BEST TO KEEP MUD, SNOW, & WATER CONTAINED WITHIN THESE FLOOR LINERS. WISH THEY WOULD MAKE THEM FOR MY HONDA CIVIC BECAUSE I WOULD BUY THEM FOR MY CIVIC & ALL VEHICLES I BUY IN THE FUTURE, SO I HOPE HUSKEY WILL START MAKING THEM FOR ALL VEHICLES. IT WOULD BE WISE.
Great product and much less than the brand name.  Fitted for my crew cab GMC.  Catch everything from rocks to snow that get tracked in.  Wish I had found them sooner.
I love them !! They fit perfectly. Just enough lip to hold the water in and ridges to keep your foot from slipping.
Not per the description... theyre a flat rubber mat, not a molded fit like the picture shows.They didnt fit my 04 GMC very well at all and I wanted a nicely molded liner that keeps the water and mud contained.They are a good heavy rubber, but not what I wanted. Sent them back.
These were priced much below the Rubbermaid version, but they have held up well, stay put and are protecting my avalanche' carpet
Love these liners.  We go to Texas for the winter, and we get tons of sand on the floors ,with these all we have to do is shake them out. We don't have to vacuum all the time.
I have had these Husky Floor liners in two different vehicles. I love them! I just bought a great looking Chevy truck with perfect interior (carpet). My wife missed the cup holder with her drink the first time she rode in it; the husky floor liner caught the liquid an nothing got on the carpet. The were worth the price just for that. easy to clean and keep looking good. Just remove from the floor and spray off with the hose, dry , and they look great again. A must have for your car if you are messy or you get your feet muddy. These catch all the mud instead of your carpet. Good coverage on the floor, good fit, My first purchase for my new truck. No down side.
I used lund products in the past but frankly I am done with them. Their quality control is terrible and their products look like they came out of a mold then was heated and bent to fit similar applications. You can literally see the compaction and stretching of the bends. Also the stock material is much thinner than prior lund products. Their products have simply become garbage while maintaining the price tag of quality. However, Amazon was great about making things right. Oh and by the way, I purchased a 2nd lund bug shield thinking the 1st was a simple defect and the second one would be OK. Bad Mistake! Buyer Beware!
Not sure what type of truck the previous reviewer had or if his son's truck had an aftermarket sunroof. Perhaps they installed the sunroof in a location more forward than it should of been but I have this same exact visor installed on a 2007 Tahoe with a factory installed sunroof, it functions quite well and looks great too! Now, I know Lund recommends that it not be installed on a vehical that has a sunroof but that is only for 2 reasons, one, being it causes additional wind noise when sunroof is open ( I find this to be neglectable though) and the biggest reason is because there is electrical wiring in the area that the screws need to be put in to support the visor. The headliner must be removed (dropped) to make sure you do not hit these wire. There are some shops that will not go this extra mile to install the visor b/c it is not worth their time and effort. You already purchased the Visor and most likely had it painted so the only thing the shop will make is on labor so it just easier for them to say it doesn't fit or it wont work. I would suggest the previous reveiwer find out specifically why it does not fit but I wouldn't poo-poo the product, mine is quite functional and changes the whole look of my truck. The only reason why I give it 4 stars is because of the light harness and how the shop secured it (double faced tape) don't they realize that in the heat of the summer the glue becomes unstuck and the harness drops down? Nothing a little plumbers GOOP couldn't fix though, still stuck after 2 summers.
This has been the most upsetting purchase that I have made in a long time.I specified the year & make of the vehicle, placed the order, received the item and took it to a body shop to be painted to match my sons truck. I gave it to my son, only to find that it did not fit the truck as he had a sun roof. I am very dissapointed that the ordering options did not ask as to whether or not the vehicle had a sun roof as this item will not fit if you do. Now I am stuck with a $450 investment for an item that we con not use and my son with a dissapointing Christmas present.
Matching fit, better flow, car breaths better, better sound from intake, don't have to change a filter ever again, washable/reuseable, 1-3mpg (when you get 13mpg you will do anything to get better mileage), acceleration better. Its not a complete intake so don't expect huge difference. Best this you never change air filter again. Its K&N, never went wrong on me!
If you bought one, do yourself a favor: take it out ASAP! The benefits are questionable, but the possible damage is real.I had K&N; filters on 2 Caprices, no problems there (~100,000+ miles on each), but when I installed one in a 8.1L Suburban, problems started.About 20,000 miles after installation, Check Engine light started flashing. I read the stored code, turned out to be Mass Air Flow (MAF) Sensor malfunction. Good thing I didn't go to a dealer with this (MAF sensor is not particularly cheap). Instead I took the sensor out and had a look: the body of the sensor had blackish oily residue inside. So I bought MAF sensor cleaner (you don't want to try anything else instead), cleaned the sensor, put it back. No problems for another ~20,000 miles. Then again, the same story: Check Engine light, MAF malfunction, blackish oily residue inside... And I think I know what happens.If you do a quick Internet search, you can find a lot of stories like mine. At some point K&N; tried to respond and put online a demonstration showing that oil cannot get blown away from the filter, so all these people with contaminated MAF sensors must be mad or they don't know what they are doing.The real problem is that while oil by itself does stay where it belongs, microscopic particles of dust soak up oil and then pass right through the filter. It is these tiny oily particles that cause the problems with the MAF sensor. One is left to wonder how much dust goes right into the engine (this is something to think about if you happened to have a car with somewhat different MAF sensor that is not very sensitive to dirt).By the way, when MAF sensor is contaminated, it starts sending signal corresponding to a lower than actual airflow. The engine controller reacts by actually leaning the fuel mixture. This will be happening BEFORE you have any error messages. And excessively lean fuel mixture can severely damage your engine (exhaust valves/seats in particular). So decide for yourself if you want all these problems down the road. I took this thing out...In case you wonder: I did not over-oil my K@N filter. In fact, I have installed it the way it came to me, and it didn't look over-oiled. Another thing: 40,000+ miles after I took K@N filter out and installed a regular high quality air filter, the MAF sensor is about as clean as it was the day I cleaned it. The blackish oily stuff was coming from/through the K&N; filter.
I have a 2001 chev 8.1 3500 and tow a 39ft toy hualer my MPG went from 5mpg to 7.5 WOW!No S***
Filter was as good as new and still in plastic wrap.  Only the box had been opened.  Saved $$ over brand new and very happy with my first Amazon Warehouse purchase as it was as good or better than listed.  The K&N filter seems to work great in our 8.1L Yukon XL so far.
This is the first aftermarket part that I added, even before the first oil change. These flow better and in the long run save a person some money. I live in a very dusty environment and trust these filters a lot more than the OEM paper filters for catching dirt before it enters the engine causing premature wear on the internal parts. They are washable and easy to install. This is the second vehicle that I've installed one in and will do it again when I purchase a new vehicle.
I keep coming back, Amazon seems to be the go-to place when it comes to buying parts for my truck,  It's easier to find part numbers elsewhere but once you have that, your set.  Amazon always seems to furnish the best prices for the products I want. The K&N filter fit as advertised and it was among the lowest priced anywhere.  I will be back again; I'm sure.....
I get fewer miles per gallon...  It was a noticeable drop...  I put the OEM air filter back in after several thousand miles and obtained better MPG immediately. The &#34;instant MPG&#34; told the story right away and I should have changed it out right away, but there was so much hype about K&N; products, I thought my onboard computer was not correct.Measuring mileage on repetitive trips (same driving distance everyday vs. fill-up to fill-up) proved this filter did not live up to what was promised.Secondary and more important note: I could see through it, and if I can see through it, it's not stopping all the fine particles that kill engines...!
Increased my MPG from 11.9 to 13.5. I have new plugs coming, hopefully it will increase it more. Easy to install, remove 4 bolts and goes right in. I'm pretty light on the throttle, so I don't notice any power differences, but gas improvement was instantaneous.
I put the K&N filter in my 2011 suburban 2500 with 6.0 liter engine. I put this in lieu of a cold air intake trying to improve performance over the stock filter. Fit fine, have not noticed any improvement in gas mileage or performance. Over the long run it will still be cheaper than buying regular filters.
I have an '03 Silverado with the 6.0 L enigne.  This filter fits and works perfectly.  Best of all, it comes pre-oiled so all you have to do is install it.
K&n rocks. I got this for my Denali because the oem filter box does not need replaced and it sucks through the fender unlike a lot of other cai kits.
Cheaper in the long run and better for your car/truck. I will continue to buy these for every vehicle I own
Very happy with air filter. Was very easy to install no special tools and no special adapter for the filter.
Heard about this air filter from a friend that pulls a travel trailer often. I had to try it and see for myself. I often pull either a 24 ft gooseneck low boy trailer or a 28 ft enclosed cargo trailer. We use these on our youth hunts all over Texas. So far I notice I don't have that hesitant stall when when I pass.
great performance and never a new filter. For just a few dollars more i get a better filter that I have for the life of the vehicle.
this fit very nicely into my stock air box and the best thing about it  was I will never have to buy a another air filter again.
You will never have to buy another air filter again!I have been using these products for several years now, decided to buy for all my vehicles.
I could notice an immediate change in my throttle response.  Don't know about increase in HP, Torque or an increase in MPG, but the throttle response improved.
These filters are outstanding!  Better gas mileage and there is a little power gain also.  Quick turnaround on order,  prompt delivery and looking forward to not buying another filter for at least 10 years!
I always have installed a K&N air filter in every car I have owned and immediatly feel the difference - well worth it
I installed this in a 2009 Chevy Silverado 2500HD in hopes of improving gas mileage a bit (though very skeptical it would).  Installation couldn't have been easier; did it in a couple of minutes after work without even changing out of my suit.  Since then the truck has been running well and I've noticed a 0.2 MPG pick-up in efficiency (and that may still be climbing).  Certainly nothing to retire over, but given I drive a lot of miles each day and gas doesn't seem to be getting cheaper, it will certainly pay for itself by the time the year is out.
Top of the line quality and last a long time. I have a K&N filter in every vehicle I own. Make sure to order a charge up kit with the filter it is very simple to clean and recharge the filter when its needed. Amazon has the best price in town..
Love love love the K&N lifetime air filters. They may cost more up front, but you only have to buy it once and you can go longer between cleanings. I won't claim that it increases gas mileage because with my driving habits I wouldn't be able to tell anyway, but I can say that the engine runs smoother and feels more powerful. That's why every time I get a new car, my first upgrade is to swap out the stock air filter for a K&N.
Fit fine and improved both performance and gas mileage. We have used K&N air filters before and they are well worth the money.
This is one product I always recomend. Received it at a good price and on time as advertised. Good site.
I needed to replace the air filter in my Chevy pickup and for a few dollars more than an OEM filter I was able to purchase the K&N; filter.I've used K&N; filters in motorcycles for many years so I know this one will do a great job in my pickup.
I FINALLY GOT AROUND TO INSTALLING ONE IN MY TRUCK AND MY WIFE'S CAR. BOTH RUN BETTER AND NO MORE CHANGING FILTERS EVERY 12,000 MILES OR SO. I USED TO HAVE A DIRT RACE CAR AND I HAD A K & N FILTER IN IT WITH A FOAM DUST GUARD ON IT TO HELP KEEP THE DIRTCLODS OUT OF IT. I RACED FOR A FULL SEASON AND ONLY HAD TO CLEAN IT ONCE!!!
When I ordered these from Amazon it said they will fit a 2009 Tahoe but they don't. Now what do I do with them?
This product fits perfect. Easy to put on over the factory fender flares. A couple inches longer would be nicer but still work great.
These will not fit a 2007, or any classic body style chevy, that does NOT have Fender Flares. Couldn't even find any husky liners listed on this website that would work on the front without factory flares.
These mud flaps fit well and required no special modifications to make them fit on my truck, 2007 Chevy Silverado 3500 Crew SRW. The style matches the truck and fits well with the factory fender flares.  However, for the rear I wish these were a bit longer since I do get alot of mud spray under the mud flap.
These mud flaps are high quality and come with all the hardware needed for installation. On my Ford some of the OE body perforations were used, but you have to drill a few holes in the fender lip.Once you drill the holes you realize that you now have open metal, bare hardware and no water seal = rust at some point. I decided to grease pencil the edge of the flap onto the fenders and then applied a 1/16" bead of black silicone on fender lip. I also shot a small amount into the drilled holes. I hope this keeps the water and debris from accumulating.If you have anything but OE tires, you will be trimming the lower inside edge of the front flap to prevent tire to flap contact and an odd "pphhhlllbbbbb" sound on full lock turns.These flaps are longer than most and provide good body protection. They do a great job of keeping debris off the side boards. Without flaps, in the winter, the front tires deposit snow ice and goop onto the side board and make using them an accident waiting to happen.
These are nice mud guards.  Well rated.  This is the best price around.  If you need them, order them here.  They were at least 2x's the price everywhere else.  My husband installed them very easily on our 2004 F250 Superduty. We bought the set for the front and the set for the back.  Very happy with them.
mud flaps fit well,  Not as good as ford OEM but for the price, they are very good,  Would buy them again.
Bought two complete sets Front and rear for two trucks.Install went great good fit look great.No trimming necessary suggest everyone check their other liner fasteners while their underneath I needed extra push pins to retack my liners found at o'reillys
keeps the road grime and rock damage to a minimum. could match existing holes better, but only took 10 minutes to install each side
I've had these installed on my truck for about two years.They took me a couple of hours to install because I'm too methodical and never make a mistake. ;>)We use the truck to haul a camper and we travel off road - like fire roads and the mud guards have held up well - still just like new as a matter of fact.
These fit as hoped, easy install. Look good on the truck. Will help keep the running boards from getting loaded with mud etc.
Nice and solid product the only thing is you have oversized tires "over stock" they will rub when turned hard over to either side. They are molded to the contour of the vehicle but do not quite follow exactly. A heat gun on the wheel side to soften the plastic will solve that issue.
Motor in my 2014 Silverado (4.3 Ecotec V6) feels a slight bit more powerful, and definitely sounds more throaty. Not sure if it improved mileage as I got it when the truck only had a few hundred miles, but I am getting 23.4 mpg highway which is the high end of the rating for this truck. I don't drive easy either.I get these in all my cars, just makes me feel better that the engine is not starved for air, and new paper filters nowadays are 14-20 bucks so after 3 changes this is worth it. Better for environment also.
K&N filters are a quality product and this filter is no exception.  This one went on a 2005 Suburban and it fit well.  I purchase K&Ns because I like to save money by cleaning and reinstalling them verses buying a new paper filter each time.  The performance claims seem questionable to me.  In theory the performace would be better I agree, but in practice I am yet to notice a difference.
I am very pleased with the product so far. i haven't had it long enough to really see a difference in the mileage. But I am preparing to take the Suburban on a trip and check it out.Also: The item was shipped days before it was scheduled. Great service!
much better airflow.
Picked up 1-2 mpg improvement per on board computer over about 5 tanks of gas.  Worth the money to me.
This K&N was easy to install. It took only 10 minutes because I had to loosen the hex bolts on the airflow cover. After I did that it came off in quickly. This was a great price for this product. Good investment.
Always run these in all my vehicles.  Over time will pay for themselves in mileage and durability with better performance and increased horsepower.
Put this K & N Filter in my 2008 Chevy Silverado Z71. Noticed an immediate improvement in throttle response. Like not having to replace the filter, but just clean & oil & reinstall.
Product seems to be working just fine after the first 2,000 mi or so.  I wouldnt say there was a huge increase in milage, but I was previously getting around 21 on the highway on a 1.5 hr trip and after I installed the K&N Air Filter I am getting 23.  (Need to average out a few more trips to see if this trend continues).  Horsepower wise you can tell a small bit of difference when you get on the pedal.  I recommend this filter for anyone not traveling a lot of gravel roads.
This fit my 2007 Chevrolet Silveraldo Z71 LTZ. With how high gas prices are, I'm searching every nook and cranny for some improved gas mileage.
I purchased this to hopefully increase the MPG in my 2008 Chevrolet Silverado 5.3 Flex. I have had the filter in for almost 4 full tanks of gas with 0 increase in MPG. I am disappointed in that however, I do like the fact that I will never have to buy another filter again as long as I clean this one regularly. I do feel that it allowed the motor to open up a bit, it does have slightly better throttle response.
Great fit and great performance as you would expect from K&N.  This along with the Airaid 200-919 M.I.T. Modular Intake Tube makes for a good flowing cold air intake system.
Fit perfectly in the stock 99 chevy silverado air box
This air filter not only was half the size of the factory filter, didn't notice any MPG difference. Although in my 2009 silverado I can deff hear a difference. Plus it's a lifetime filter. Very happy with my purchase.
Installed this air filter on my 2013 Silverado and immediately realized a gain of approx. 2 MPG. Took about 10 minutes to install.
it made it to me fast, im glad i didnt have to wait over the weekend. the box was big and had my small filter in it.
Great shipping... great product....better throttle reaponse....seeing about 1-1 1/2 gallon in gas mileage increase. ..very happy with this air filter
Installed the K&N; filter yesterday in my 2012 GMC Sierra 1500 ext. cab SLE, 5.3L, 4x4, 3.42 rear end, HD towing package.  Reset avg. MPG.Before the filter change out, the truck's onboard computer calculated the Average MPG at 19.2 (approximately 2,000 miles since July, varied terrain from North Carolina to Massachusetts and Maine. Truck turned 20k miles today).(I drive at the posted speed limit, mostly.)Today, after a 228-mile trip from western Massachusetts to Orr's Island, Maine, the avg. MPG was 20.4.  The truck's bed had a medium load.I'm convinced, and wish I had switched to K&N; filters several vehicles ago.Oh, yeah.  I noticed an increase in power, and fewer downshifts on the hills (one only).I'll post an update here after a couple of months, or so.Bucky
I installed this 2 days ago, it came pre-oiled but I had to call K&N to ask because the instructions do not mention if it needs oil or not. The hardest thing was getting my air box screws undone (2012 chevy 4x4). I can tell a difference in throttle response and hear a difference in the motor breathing. Have not had long enough to check mileage.
I had this on a 2006 Chevy Suburban and now have it in  a 2011 Chevy Tahoe.  I notice quicker acceleration and have noticed just a little saving on MPG.
Well, Instead of paying 15 bucks more retail, i got this one. fit like a glove. It is hard to say whether i get better MPG being that it is cold and snowy out, and I like to play in snow, but there is a definate difference in throttle response over the stock filter. Ive owned K&N products for every vehicle i own, this is another great one. How funny, a stock filter replacement costs about the same as this one and your supposed to replace air filters once a year or every 12k, so next year its paid for itself.
They sent the right one first time.  Have not checked my mileage yet, I am keeping my fingers crossed.
if you are looking into getting a few more horses out of your car or truck this is where you start
My husband was told about this filter so I bought him one for my car. It makes a little difference in gas mileage but the best thing you don't have to change it at all. So far we like it.
Fit well and noticeably different drive. Not having to worry about another air filter good stuff. Satisfied customer will look into my other vehicles for the same change...
Fit perfectly with my 2003 Chevy Silverado. And it seems like my truck picks up a little quicker when i punch the gas pedal. I'll most likely be buying again next time.
I purchased this item for around $20 on a special and glad I did. I'm not out changing air filters all the time and this one seems to have given me about 1/2 mpg better efficiency in my civic. I can't comment on HP because I don't really feel an increase.
A great filter.  Fit perfectly. You can feel the additional power.  You can't go wrong with K&N.  Go for it!
The first step in the instructions should be on the outside of the box and should say, "Open the package and remove the air filter.  See?  It's the correct size!"If you're like me, you'll remove the old filter and realize there's no way the box dimensions are the same as the OEM filter.  I almost returned it, but the K&N; website said it fit, so I opened it up and tried again.  Thanks to the packaging, the actual filter is about half the size of the box.Anyway, this fits my 2007 Tahoe and 2009 Silverado.  Somewhat tight squeeze to get the box cover back on, but otherwise great product, and long lasting.
I have used these on other vehicles with no problems.  Like the fact you can go a lot of miles before cleaning.  The cleaning process is a little hassle, but I just like the fact that you don't have to throw them away like the paper filters.  Do they improve mileage and or Power.  That remains a question mark for me.  If they do it is not by a lot as far As I can tell.  Not really the reason I buy K&N.
Saved a little money on gas not much but a little, the throttle response is very noticeable.
My truck seems slightly more peppy. Also, you can hear more of a throaty sound when you get on it. Not sure of better gas mileage as I now have a tendency to give it more throttle to hear the new sound.
Came sooner than expected so that was a +, runs clean and made the magnaflo purrrr nice. Thanks K&N.;Joshua C.
Packaging was nice as always and shipment quick. Of course this was a drop in so it fit nice and snug for my 2004 Tahoe Z71. Was giving the newly used Z a tuneup so I replaced the plugs, wires, cleaned MAF, TB, cleaned out the filter housing as it had grime inside of it, then just dropped this in. Z breathes better although I would really like to acquire a tube to replace the quiet factory one! Anyways, I recommend the filter as it looks better than factory, and will be used and cleaned for MANY miles to come!
I love these things. They last forever, give more air to the engine (ie better mileage or more power) AND clean the air better as well. Plus, they pay for themselves after about the third time you clean/reuse them vice buying paper filters (which means the rest of the car's life is gravy).You need to buy a recharge kit as well which costs ~$10 and is good for 20-ish cleanings. It doesn't have to be right away as the filter comes ready to go for the first use cycle.I clean mine about every 25,000 miles or if I notice a drop in gas mileage.I put them in all the vehicles I maintain; this is my ~7th one in 15 years. I will automatically put one of these in every car I buy. I wish my furnace had a filter this good!The only vehicle I ever had an issue with was a 2000 Subaru Forester S 2.5 Automatic, it did not seem to perform better with the filter and it needed cleaning constantly.Dont forget to put the included decal on the filter housing so the filter does not get thrown away during a dealer sevice package (although if a mechanic threw one of these away instead of giving it back to you when you retrieved your car, it would be prima-facie proof that they were incompetent and you should stop going there.)
great gas milage,easy to install,looks great,priced better here than anywere else..iv had them before great upgrade product..........what else can i say,i love them.....................
Have  used K&N air filter for several year's. Haven't had it installed long eough to see any mileage or performance change.
I have to admit that there is a small  improvement in performance. The throttle response is better but not to the point to say that there is a increase in horse power. The truck seems to run a little better and I hope it's just not the change in summer fuels. I wasn't looking for fuel improvement. All I was looking for was better drivability and I think that's what I got. I only have one concern and that is that it doesn't affect the mass air flow sensor ( MAF ) because of the oil that is use on the filter could possibly damage it.
Reduces maintenance. Reduces Landfill waste. Improves gas mileage and engine pick up. Easy to install, fits like OEM. Easy to clean.What's not to love?
This was my first ever maintenance I've done myself! Took less than 5 minutes to install. Can feel a difference...might just be that my old filter was really dirty.
I received this and did a simple install in my 2007 Chevy Silverado 5.3L, my onboard computer shows that I now get an extra 2 miles per gallon and I noticed a slight increse in torque.
This is one of the first items that I upgraded on my truck and I am seeing a little better gas mileage from this. It is a pain in the butt to clean and re-oil but I guess its worth it.
I have K&N; Filters in all my vehicles and motorcycles.  They are great.... you can clean them, recharge them, and put them back on....You can physically hear the vehicles breathe better
This filter combined with an Airaid MRT helped my 2004 Tahoe make a little more power and sound like it has a V8 under the hood! The filter fit nicely and should provide plenty of filtration for this daily driver.
a solid investment for any vehicle.  for slightly more than the price of one OEM filter you can have this.  its better, adds power and is much cheaper in the long run.
My 2008 Chevy avalanche was doing 530 KM if I drove normally, however using K&N; filter I am doing 520 KM while I am driving agressivly all the time, or 590 KM if I drove normally.Performance wise I didn't gain a lot, since the weather is hot here and Iam currently running the factory tune.
I had one of these in my Chevy pickup when I bought it used. After several years of happy use my mechanic convinced me it was worn out and I needed to throw it away. Replaced it with a typical auto parts store air filter. My gas mileage immediately went down almost 1.5 miles per gallon. After a couple months I bought a new one here from my friends at Amazon, and the gas mileage went back up to it's old level. Based on how many miles I drive for business it will pay for itself very quickly. Get one, it's money well spent!
Excellent,Excellent, product100% meets my expectationsExcellent, productMeets my expectations 100% suitable for the whole web  bien muy bien
Paper filter once a year or a K&N that lasts the life of th truck. Regaurdless of increased fuel mileage if you notice it, it pays for itself.
I've been using K&m; filters for years and they are the bestUsed them on 3 Chevy trucks performance is awesomeNever have to buy a filter again for life of your vehicle.
I have replaced every air filter in every car and its always the same! Power, Performance, Sound, and Economy. I'm not a big car guy by any means, but i enjoy a clean sounding nice vehicle. Every vehicle I own just sound and performs better with K&N. I am a real client, not the vendor. Read my other reviews.
I got about a 1 MPG inprovement and some some power. i'm going to get one for my wifes car.
Filter fit nicely, not much increase on mpg however under load seems to have more acceleration, main reason for changing to filter was the fact that you can clean and reinstall which with fuel costs and the push for doing more maintenance such as changing the air filter more often the filter will pay for itself quickly, I also got the cleaning kit on my initial purchase
Just like the title says can't go wrong with this product. The only thing you have to do is clean and oil it once in a while. Great product
High quality filter. Did not really notice any fuel mileage or power gain, but great improvement over paper filters, and will last a long time.
I buy K&N;'s for my vehicles for the durability more so than any performance increases.  I'm not racing, I'm just a daily driver who wants to not have to replace an air filter EVER again.  These come PRE-OILED.  More than likely, unless you live in a very dusty environment, you'll NEVER need to clean the thing.  I read about people cleaning/oiling these things every --------miles.  NO NEED.  You're defeating one of the attributes of it...that being longevity.  Unless you can't see the mesh screening...leave it alone.  Also, IF you clean/recharge it, use the oil VERY sparingly.  For a panel filter such as this, a whopping 1.5 OUNCES is all you need.  Over oiling can lead to problems in the MAF sensor, as it lies directly downstream and can/will become coated if over-oiled causing driveability issues.SO...buy it, install it, put the cool sticker on the airbox, look at it every oil change, and unless it's filthy....LEAVE IT ALONE!
Makes my truck sound like it has custom work done, snappy acceleration and cheap to maintain.Have these on all my vehicles that are available
I've had this for about 6 months now. My gas mileage has increased by 2/10th of a mile per gallon overall in my 5.3L Vortec 2011 Silverado. Performance has no noticeable benefits other than the slight increase in gas mileage. I would recommend the filter just because it is a lifetime filter, no other reasons.
To start off, for an air filter I think this is reasonably priced and does the job. Of course this is a &#34;High Performance&#34; air filter though.I drive a 2011 Avalanche that had about 50,000 miles on it when I changed to this filter. The swap was very easy to do and of course there are instructions all over youtube and the internet on how to do so.As for the performance of this air filter, I could not notice a large change in interstate gas mileage. Probably a 1/2 of a MPG to MAYBE a full MPG. It is hard to tell as it is winter driving right now and the weather has been very cold, causing overall suffering gas mileage. As for in city driving, I imagine this is or will be at least a MPG higher. I do not know if there is a large kick in power, but the throttle responsiveness from a start is much improved. You can tell that the engine is getting the air it needs faster to combust.I would recommend this air filter to someone doing a replacement, but not gaurentee a miraculous improvement in gas mileage.
My truck seems to run better and have more pick up. No pun intended. I would buy this filter for another vehicle. So far so good.
How could you not like it. It's an air filter. Went shere it's supposed to, fit like the factory and if you could see it you would say it's beautiful!
I added this K&N filter and then a week later added the BullyDog Turner to my truck... both together I picked up a couple MPG's and greatly improved my driving enjoyment.  I'm sure adding the K&N cold air kit would be much better for for the price this stock air filter works for now.
I've read a couple reviews stating that the sizing could be wrong, so I was a little hesitant to order, but the return policy is simple so I did, very happy with my order.  I can feel increased acceleration on highway speeds. I have a 2002 silverado 1500 8 cyl. rwd.
Perfect fit and permanent replacement in my Z71 Silverado.
I have had full intake systems on previous cars, but for this vehicle, I decided just to get this insert filter.  I fits perfectly, and seems to be of good quality.  Who knows if these are really better than the OEM version, but it's not that expensive, so you might as well throw it in.  It should last for 40,000 miles before I have to clean it.
Let me say that Amazon is usually verygood at shipping and sending the right product. But when it comes to K & N air filters, I would say go elsewhere. The drop down tabs won't produce the right filter for your car or truck. I can't believe they could be so messed up! Even when you verify the right part number through K & N the measurements are incorrect on Amazon. I ordered 1 filter for my 2002 F-250 and 1 for my 2012 Hyundai Sonata and both were wrong.
This product was a normal drop in air filter.  The accelerator response was increased.  The truck doesn't spin out as much (when not trying).  There was only about a 1MPG gain.  The main reason I bought this is because it is reusable.  The truck doesn't work as hard at higher speeds (interstate).  Good product.  I would recommend changing the whole air intake if you want real horsepower gains.
These filters are fantastic.  I have them on my current vehicles and used them on my 5 previous ones.  They have consistenly added at least 2 miles per gallon to my average fuel consumption.  It is easy to see at the cost of fuel how quickly they pay for themselves.  Also, they basically have a 100,000 mile guarantee so, you probably won't have to replace them.  I haven't nor have I had to reoil one.  It is much cheaper to burn air than gas.  The price from this site was the best I found anywhere.
Bought to replace my stock filter. Fits like a glove! A little woried about the amount of oil on the filter but haven't had a problem yet. K&N is top notch!
this is not my 1st K&N air filter , so with my experence i highly recommend it . my 08 sierra went from getting 14 .1 mpg to 15.3 in town , i havent been on the road yet . it will quickly pay for itself !
with something like this you cant really tell if its good until your vehicle get to 200,000 miles.easy install and ive always liked k&n; filters. i put it in my 09 silverado crew cab. i havent really noticed any difference in gas millage put im sure it does add a tiny tiny bit more power... no dyno so idk.i just liked the fact that i can tell the idiots given me an oil change to leave my filter alone... i need no replacement.
All my friends told me to get a K&N filter and I can understand why now. Better air flow and performance and the vendor shipped quickly and was a pleasure to deal with.
Fit perfect on my 2005 AvalancheMarco
k&n filters do an awesome job of trapping debris and allowing airflow while cutting down on waste... I prefer these filters and will continue to use them.  helpful tip: save your old filter to swap out when you trade your vehicle in.
Though I am frugal, I am aware of several factors to be considered in the balance of living well and affordable. I must say that the K&N; air filter (listed here) and the recharger kit (not included) is an easy, affordable, and effective combination of product that is well worth the buy and the time. All you do to "recharge" is spray the cleaner (in spray bottle) onto both sides of the filter, let sit for ten minutes to break down the grime, let the ~natural flow~ of water (not pressurized by a nozzle) run through the inside (cleaner side) of the air filter to flush the grime out of the other side (repeat if really dirty [doesn't usually need more than once for me and I change it every 6,000-10,000 miles]), and let dry; I shake it out and then stand it up in the (Arizona) sun to make it dry in ten to fifteen minutes. Then, spray the oil (in the aerosol can) evenly onto the outside (the once dirtier side), and let sit for about twenty minutes to allow for the oil to absorb. Check the crowns and grooves on the opposite side to see the places that do now have or need more oil; the filter is whitish and the oil is red in color so you will be able to see where the oil is and how much is there. Repeat until the whole filter is red with oil, wipe the excess oil from the rubber frame, install the clean filter back into your vehicle, start the engine, and listen to that air flow :D.*NOTE: I use the cleaner and oil very liberally and one recharger kit has lasted me to my third one which I am doing right now. I still have enough for one more "less liberal" recharge for next time. Also, to thoroughly oil the filter in its grooves, it takes a little patience but again, it's well worth it. Time to go finish my recharge! Take care and I pray this helped!*UPDATE: It has now been over a year since I have done this review, so I thought I would give some feedback about observations I made recently. The product and air filter still work great! However, I would highly recommend using a "less liberal" amount of oil. When I looked at my spark plugs, they were very rich due to an excess of air filter oil. How do I reduce or prevent this? When applying the oil, apply it to only part of the filter and give it a good twenty minutes; theoretically, this will allow the time needed for the oil to naturally absorb into the fibers of the filter (as they say in the instructions... anxious me). Less excess, less spark plug buildup, and maybe an extra charge out of the kit! If you experience the buildup on your spark plugs, you can just take a wire brush to them. However, blow them off well before re-installing them. We don't want particles in our cylinders :). Also, as a result of a reply to this post, I found out and affirmed through K&N;'s FAQ that unless you are in an excessively dusty environment every day, K&N;'s recommendation is to clean their air box filters every 50,000 miles and their conical filters every 100,000 miles! It is very dusty here in Arizona, but my 10,000 mile recharge is still way too frequent. Thank you Gator J. I pray this helps!
With this and a jet chip I got what I asked for. It was breathing better the second it was in and with the two of them it got a beautiful, lower rumble to the engine. Sometimes its the little things that make the difference.
Just wrote a 5-star for the K&N filter I bought for my wife's 2011 Chevy Eqinox, same for my Tahoe!  Will never have to pay for another throw away paper filter again!  Money in my pocket for a change!!!
This gave me better performance but the gas mileage improvement was not as hoped.  Only getting about 1/2 mpg better.
It's really good air filter.my car be quite ,faster,economy,and cold air for the engine because I am from Saudi Arabia and the weather is hot and have storm sand .One filter for all time.
I have this in my 05 GMC Yukon and it works great! I can't really comment on added HP or anything like that, but for the cost of throw away filters, this filter will pay for itself over time pretty easily. As others have said, I retained my old filter to switch back in when this one is drying from being cleaned. Another great K&N product!
I am a car enthusiast.  I've rebuilt several motors, ported & polished some manifolds...I've done everything short of rebuilding an automatic transmission.  I replaced my aftermarket, cold-air intake with the stock setup using this filter for re-sale of a '01 Silverado LT 5.3, 1/2 ton.  I know that I'm getting better gas mileage with this filter, my Mass-Air-Flow-Sensor is working again, and it seems to actually have increased the torque.  I already knew that it was a quality filter simply by the brand name, and I also knew that it was fantastic deal!
I have had several of these in my other cars over the years and like them. This one was priced right and will save me money over the years. I like not having to buy a new one every 20,000 miles.
The initial cost of these is pretty steep but the long term savings ,assuming you keep cars for a few years, is quickly recovered.  It adds a throating sound to your vehicle while delivering much better airflow to the engine than standard throw away filters.  The every 20,000 miles or so cleaning and re-oiling are very easy to do.
Big Difference in stop to go, didn't really notice a difference in gas mileage yet. Lot less expensive buying from here.
it's a K&N does it need a review anymore
It is thinner than the stock air cleaner.  I put this in at the same time as I added a Dynomax cat-back exhaust system.  The truck can stay in 4 cylinder mode longer now, theoretically boosting my mileage a bit.  Having used K&N replacement filters for years, this one did not disappoint.
Excellent buy. Popped off the Torx screws from air box yanked, out the paper filter, slapped this one in, screwed it back in and it's good to go. Way better throttle response and sounds like a real truck although it runs on gas.
Received product on time but didn't fit my car a second time. Sent it back to get money. Amazon is having a problem with its part matching tool which matches the part to the car.
Great product and a great name! Helped to improve air flow into the engine with the stock intake! Love it!
This is a reat air filter have used 3 in the past and all have worked very well. I would highly recommend the KN Air Filter
What can be said about K&N that isnt known already.  I have a Tahoe with Flowmaster Dual exhaust.  This filter added some growl to the exhaust, improved my MPG 1.2 miles per gallon and saves me some bucks with no need to replace the filter for the life of my vehicle.
Bought this as a gift, as I have one for myself. they seem to add a touch of response from the gas pedal in my opinion, not to mention they last forever with some regular cleaning.
I see a noticable improvement in acceleration in my 5.3 Sierra (80,0000mi).I Previously used premium disposable filters.The cost difference to purchase this was about $5.00 more,could not pass it up.I consider this an excellent purchase/product.
I have tried K&N air filters before with great success and hope to again. Before it gave me about 2 more MPG and made the truck run with a little more power. K&N is a good start to a better running truck. Long lasting and easy to service. Best air filter out there
Worked great! I got 1.5 Mpg better on my 2010 GMCAmazon had fast shipment and product was in perfect condition.
Volvo C70 Turbo. Has an additional fine filter in front of the OEM airfilter to make sure dust stays out and nothing grinds up that turbo. Not so the K&N. Not only was it the wrong model and did not fit - that rough filtering is not up to par for turbo requirements and even though I was looking forward to better gas mileage and more power - its not worth risking it. Tons of R&D go into the airfilter requirements for the engine type and the standard filter. K&N lets slightly oily air (my bmw motorcycles air bypass screws gue up with the K&N filter, not so with the oem paper) into a high performance engine and I think this works on older vehicles but is not up to standards anymore on modern vehicles. Even air filters need to up their game
Just simply can't go wrong with giving your engine more air to breath!! And last filter you'll ever have to purchase.. Amazon had it to me very quickly!!!
great product that's it can't say much but they make me write xx amounts of words four more to go done
This one filter has done the job in my 2001 Silverado for 13 years and 225,000 miles. I have never had the heads off, so I cannot comment on the condition of the cylinder walls. Does not burn oil and still runs great. I have not cleaned it as often as I should have. Have only cleaned it 2 times. So counting it being clean when installed, it's been without dirt 3 times in 225,000 miles. No evidence that any dirt ever got through it. Use the K&N cleaner and no other cleaners. Do not use hot water as it can shrink the cotton fibers making the filter look wavy. All of the dirt will wash out with ease. Let dry, I sit mine in front of a fan. Recoat with the K&N oil which is red so you can see that you have fully covered it. Put a thin coat of K&N grease on the neoprene seal and you are ready again. This filter maintains it low restriction to air flow, even when very dirty. I have these in all of my vehicles, not to save money, but because they stop dirt better and allow more air flow. Cars that sit outside sometimes attract mice that chew up the paper air filter and make a nest. Not possible with the oil soaked K&N.
Not going to comment on gas mileage or power...just installed it.  However, I know from many years of other K&N filter use that you'll be hard pressed to really notice anything that isn't due to placebo effect.  Regardless of the outcome with mileage and measurable power increase, this filter drops right in for a stock filter replacement in a 2002 Tahoe.
I Love the K&N filters. The last forever. You can always clean them and reuse them! Worth the money for sure!
My husband had this product on his wish list and I ordered for Christmas present to him however I had no idea it was for my vehicle!!
Bought this for my 2011 Silverado. Amazon had this for a great price. I wasn't needed a new air filter yet, but it was hard to pass the deal up
I use K&N air filters in all my vehicles. It appears to help in performance and fuel consumption. For the price of a recharge kit you have a filter for life. When you do the math you will see it pays to go first class with a K&N. Follow instructions on the recharge kit and you will see how easy it is to refresh your old filter to new status. Highly recommended.
I've used these K&n's for years and have been very happy with durability and ability to clean. The only thing is the one I got for 2007 Tahoe was thinner but still good fit to filter box.
I have been a fan of K &N filters for years.  I recently installed this one in my 2003 Silverado with the sweet 4.8 Liter V-8.  On my first fill up, I went from typical 17 to 19 mpg to a little over 22!  We'll see if this holds out over the long run.  Superior filtration AND increased air flow.  I think I am running a tad cooler as well.  You can watch a sweet demo video at [...]
Noticed immeadiate improvement! Better acceleration and smoother running. Worth it! This is a good improvement in air intake without a lot of $$.
The K&N filter works as advertised. After I installed it my gas mileage went up 1-2 miles per gallon. I would purchase it again.
k&n makes awesome products, the feel and look is quality and the oem fit of this filter was very easy to install. this filter increased my fuel mileage when at cruising speeds and also helped increase power when needed. and the re-usable ness of this filter makes it even more top notch. the only way to get better performance is to purchase a cold air inake, of coarse also by k&n
Works great as a direct replacement for my 2003 silverado intake. I would buy again but i dont have to now! Haha great product i love it, my truck seems to love it too.
This is the third truck I've used this high performance air filter on and you will notice right away how much the air intake to the engine increases. You can hear and feel the difference in engine acceleration. You will notice a slight increase in power and fuel mileage. Easy to clean and recharge, only takes a short time to dry and re-treat with the K&N cleaner and oil. Well worth the money. (2014 Chevrolet Silverado Z71 Crew 5.3)
Awesome product!Gas saver, Not a doubt I've made a good choice..... And definitely I'm buying again I am already saving about 1 mile per gallon, This is something that you really need for your car, It's definitely worth it to pay a little extra money for this it pays out at the end
Received in good time --- inbox as it had come from the first purchase --- all parts there --- couldn't be more pleased with the purchase...
Installed great and looked great on my 99 suburban. Love the color. The only think I could say is the hardware could be better, I had to replace a couple of the screws with better ones. But when all was said and done, it looked good and was able to be carwash stable without ripping off. (I was worried about that)
Replaced my original today with this deflector. Did not use the extending metal clips as this was an exact replacement for the deflector that I put on my 98 Silverado nearly 14 years ago! Do they last? Fourteen years and not a crack one after 89,000 miles.
I trim off the bottom portion for a cleaner look. The material is pliable enough to cut with heavy scissors, but rugged enough to hold up to daily abuse...
I put in the data for my vehicle and the site said these would fit my vehicle.  I ordered guards for the front and rear, the front ones fit perfectely but the rear ones did not.
They are nice little mud flaps.  More for looks then anything really.  Easy install.  I have a few more words for I hope this fills it up.
These liners fit very well. The pre-drilled holes lined up good and they fit snug to the fenders. Good purchase
The lip that is on the door side is way too high and as you bring your foot in the car it will hit the top of the mat every time since it is not flush to the floor.
If you're looking for floor mats that actually do what they are suppose to do - leave the carpets underneath looking brand new - then this is the product.  Raised edges on all sides (approx. 1/2") traps water & dirt/sand.  Heavy duty - but not necessarily industrial looking.  The fit/fitment is perfect.  This is the second set of Husky floor liners. I have a set in my 2002 Dodge Ram 1500 and the carpets beneath look like they came from the factory (10 years ago)!  Highly recommend this product.
very poor fit Did not lay flat by the door sill and I hit the mat with my foot every time I got in.. I purchased Weathertech which fit great.
True husky quality! These covers fit well and are extremely durable. I wouldn panel a space shuttle with these covers
This works PERFECT!  Highly recommended for people with kids/messy wifes ;)
Highly recommended. Perfect fit, easy to install and I know it will add years of service to my truck.
I really like the "lip" around these floor mats.  I thought it may be annoying and get in the way, but I barely notice it and it manages to keep excess dirt, water, etc. from running off the edges.  Great product and matches/fits in the Tahoe perfectly!
Purchased for a 2002 S10. Perfect fit, easy to install. Looks good and I like the &#34;summer/ winter&#34; adjustability for ease of refastening in different weather conditions.
excellent product for the price,it fits perfect and looks great.customer service is fast and hassle free.an all around great deal..thanks extang.
great fit . seem sturdy and seem like they will have good surface area to hold a lot of dirt and mud, liquid
I got a set of these for the front seats of my 2006 F250 CC. I'm in and out of the truck a LOT in the winter, and in some pretty muddy places the rest of the year, and these are just what I was waiting for. They cover the ENTIRE floor area from the seat brackets all the way to the top/front end of the carpet, the vertical part of carpet on the transmission hump, and all the way to the door molding - not a piece of unprotected carpet to be seen! The little "pocket" on the door side of the mat holds a pretty large amount of water, so even if you get in the truck with snow-covered boots and it all melts, it doesn't run off onto the carpet like other mats. The only issue I had was having to trim a bit off the edge with a razor blade in two places, where they didn't fit *exactly*.
Did not fit properly. Were for F-350 Super duty box stated F-250 thru 550, no meantioned of 350. Just to much trouble to return.Very unhappy
These liners are great.  They match the factory shape perfectly.  The design looks like it will hold at least a quart of liquid.  The spikes or the back side eliminate the possibility of slipping across the factory carpet.2003 Ford F250 Super duty crew cab
These are fantastic.  Bought them for our 2004 F250 Superduty.  Husband installed them very easily.  They look good and serve the purpose well!
I bought these for my ford f250 to replace the factory Installed ones. They don`t have ford on them but look just as good and easy to install.
THis product was exactly what was described and fit really well on my F250 ford pickup.  Did front and back flaps and they both fit well.  Took about an hour to install.
I shopped around for mud guards for my new F-350 pickup and decided on these. I'm very happy with both their construction and appearance. I think my truck looks better with them, too. Shipping was quick and installation took about an hour for the front and rear sets.
These have a good fit and look good on the truck.  Couple of the holes lined up with factory and had to drill a couple.
They fit and look great. Installation was not too bad, though there is no way you could install them without taking off the wheels. Really not that big of a problem. Maybe you could do it if you have a 90 degree angled driver. Otherwise I would probably have given them a 5.
I bought these along with the front pair and all fit as hoped. They look as good as OEM and were an easy install.
Excellent - have had a set of these front and back on our F350 for over ten years. A high-speed blow-out took out one rear flap, the mud guard was a loss but  but we believe that actually reduced the level of fender damage we sustained.We bent the fender edges back in place with some wide jawed specialty metal pliers and ordered a replacement set. Same great Husky look and quality fit after ~10 years, even the same mold/product codes..
They are molded to the contour of the vehicle but do not quite follow exactly. A heat gun on the wheel side to soften the plastic will solve that issue.
Perfect fit for my Ford F250 SD Powerstroke.  Uses all existing holes and one required drilling per mudguard.  They fit snug and look beautiful.  I always wanted the factory OEM but when I saw them compared to Husky Mudguard I how they looked on my truck better than the oem product from Ford.
Tonneau cover arrived on-time and installed easily.  All parts and instructions were included in the box.  Everything perfect!
I previously had a basic snap down cover on my 2006 Ranger shortbed which I absolutely loved.  Unfortunately 11 of the snaps had broken and it was time to replace.  The Extang Blackmax is a great looking cover but it did not fit well and I found the features to be more of a liability than an improvement.  First, the snaps on the bed rails are made of fiberglass and will warp if you do not fit the cover snap perfectly cetered over the rail snap before attaching.  If you try to come in from the edge it causes the snap to peel back and in my experience this was unavoidable on tight corners.  Second, the snaps are free floating on the rails.  Sounded pretty cool to me but...NO - I would much rather prefer snaps that anchored with screws that stay firmly in place.  You have to wiggle the cover around to center it.  I'd rather take the time to align the snaps once and make it secure.  Third, the spring loaded bows - thought that sounded cool too.  But no, the caps pop out easily which is no big deal but that just increases install/uncover time.  And last...the fit was impossibly tight.  I set the bows to the lowest position and the snaps to the loose side but still struggled.  There's no way this thing would go back on w/o sunshine and warm weather.  Therefore, I returned and purchased a trifold which was more money but much more functional.  I understand many customers are happy with the Blackmax and the company has a good reputation for quality...but this just didn't work out for me.
Great cover.  Easy to install.  Looks great. This is probably the 6 Extang cover I have purchased over the years.
I bought this for my Dad as a Christmas gift for his newly rebuilt truck ('97 Ranger) as a replacement for the older, worn-out bed cover it used to have.  When I asked him how it was working for him about a week later, it was hard to get him to stop talking about it.  It fit the bed, sat taut enough to not flap around while he was driving, and kept his bed dry in the winter weather when he parked outside.He had some difficulty getting it stretched all the way on when he got down to the last few buttons, but in my experience this is common with most of the snap-on bed covers out there.  The other drawback worth noting was that once he had the cover on, the stake-pockets were partially exposed under the edge of the cover.  My Dad, being the stickler for detail that he is, called Extang and asked them about it.  The service rep said that was the normal fit, but said they could ship him a set of plastic covers if he preferred (at no charge).  He was very happy with this support, and remains happy with the cover as I type this.On a final note, if you are getting this as a gift for someone, the cover ships in the product box so there's no surprise when it shows up.  Just a warning if it gets shipped to the same house as the person it's intended for!
Didn't notice a difference in power,  but it's reusable.
My old 96 GMC has never run so well. This air filter definitely does a good job of getting the air to where it is needed.
Very worthwhile upgrade over the stock air cleaner. Noticeable improvement in a smoother running engine running and washable to boot.
This is the only air filter I use on all my cars,motor cycles,boats,atvs,and work truck. I would recomend K&N to anyone. Thanks
such a big filter, works great noticed a little more power and better gas mileage, price was good and free shipping, always buy k&n, last filter I will need for 50.00
Easy install and working as advertised. I'm still waiting to get some MPG numbers back. Truck had other issues. Will save money in the long run.
Our teenage son did the research on the benefits of a K&N filter and did the price comparison on his own.  He did a great job and we love the new filter!
Good purchase.You will be doing something positive for the environment and saving money, time and life of your engine.You have to take it out and clean it every 50,000 miles, and it has a guarantee of 1,000,000 miles.I felt a difference immediately after changing my old standard filter for this one. The engine feels smoother and the airflow has increased by 25% to 30%.
Easy install, love K&N products!
are the best air filters I've seen! I love the performance that gives the car, and security that meets your work in any environment
We got these for my husband's truck and he's very pleased with them.  We received them earlier than we expected and are very pleased with their quality and how they look.  Highly recommend! :)
love the new liners, takes a bit getting used to but will help maintain my trucks interior. Very good product and worth the money
When you but these for your vehicle, they are going to fit perfectly. Best mats on the market. Amazing they offer so many options.
Bought these because they were supposed to be molded or custom-fitted to our vehicle.  The edges by the door didn't form to the floor and stuck up.  No way to use them because you would constantly hang foot on them when getting in vehicle.
Fits well. No cutting needed. Is a bit pricey. Appears to be well made. Have rinsed it down once due to dirt, dried up and it fit again flawlessly. Need to order the other matching floor mats. Would buy this again. Shipping was fair to slow through UPS SurePost, but you get what you pay for. Only thing I would like more from this product is more of a slip resistant material, like on the bottom of most non-slip shoes. Would help when shoes are muddy or wet. Although, it does say te material is slip resistant. Otherwise, I'd rate a 5.
Perfect fit, less clunky, better flow. In fact, I think I can even hear the turbo spool up more clearly now.
I have used these filters in the past and get 2-3 mpg gain and more power for pulling and excelleration
I have K&N filter for my truck, harley, and have recommended for friends to install as well. well worth the price
I love this filter I received 11/2 to 2 mpg empty on my first trip have not checked loaded yet but should see similar results
Both my vehicles, a gas powered sedan and a 3/4 Ton diesel truck, each have one of these installed. If you intend to keep your rigs for a while, this filter makes sense since after only 2 throw away paper filter changes, you will break even. The cleaning kit is pricey but necessary to maintain this filter.  I was amazed at all the gunk that the kit flushed out. 160K miles and still like new compression numbers.  As far far as any claims for improved mileage, I can say that I not seen any increase in MPG in either vehicle.
I bought this for my 2001 dodge 3500 with a 24 valve cumins diesel. It works but don't expect to see a change in fuel mileage or a noticeable amount of hp difference.  Basically it just saves you mony in the long run by not having to keep buying filters.
Thought this would be a better long term replacment and better functining than replacable paper filters.  So far, has worked as advertised.
This is a fine product, shipped very fast, and at half the price of comparable units. However, through no fault of the product, in loosening the grill on my 2003 Durango, I found that a songe-type gasket was between the grill and hood making it difficult to install. I contacted the Lund folks who were extremely helpful. Despite my problem, I recommend the product and highly recommend buying anything from Lund.
Not big enough.
An excellent &#34;over the hump&#34; small waste container.  It is rather small, but does contain small amounts of litter, disposable coffee cups, tissues and empty water bottles.  Would likely be a tip hazard if one is not fastidious about periodic emptying.  Works GREAT for us.
Got my first one at the dealer, had been looking for a good trash bag for the car.  Glad I gave it a try, now all three of our cars have them.  We use a plastic grocery bag inside as a liner for ease of emptying, though not necessary to do so.
This can is a good size.  What I like about it is the fact that it has a little zipper space on the bottom where you insert the provided sand weight bag.  You can add more weight to this little pocket.  I used penny rolls and a bag full of rocks and no one would know it is there.  The bottom of the bag is not very sturdy because it is a fold up bag, but again, I just cut a piece of cardboard the size of the bottom of the bag and inserted it into the little zipper pocket for extra support.
I bought this for my 2004 Toyota Camry to replace a somewhat smaller solid plastic trash can that had a lid. It works just fine, stays where it is supposed to and while it doesn't hold a whole heck of a lot if you are a single driver and don't go thtrough a lot of drive throughs it fits the bill being there to acoomodate the odd, paper napkin, used kleenex, gum wrapper etc.
I've had the item for less than a year and the wire framing to hold the top open is poking through the canvas.  Therefore, it won't stand up straight (is askew) and is a bit of a hazard (especially if you have young kids).  It's been too long to return it and now I either have to chuck it or use some duct tape jerry-rig system to fix it.  It also doesn't stick to the ground and it just as good as any container floating around in your car.  I very much regret this purchase.
The size and style fit perfectly in the second row seating floor area, and is easily used from both second row and front seats by both passenger and driver.
I bought this to use in my car.  It stays put in the car, it has velcro on the bottom and a weighted base.  It has a flap lid and a mesh pocket on the side you could use to hold something small, like a travel size pack of tissues.  Product says leakproof which is nice.  Not too big, just what I was looking for.
It's small but it works. It stays put on the floor, doesn't tip, doesn't leak, and while small, it is big enough to hold trash in between fuel-ups.
The great idea is not perfect, the wires that hold the shape come through the fabric, I had to tape it to keep it working, it is probably the best out there but don't expect the Rolls Royce of trash cans. It works and does not cost too much so it is worth it.
This small but functional waste basket performs well for me.  I like the fact that it has a lid to cover the trash, and the fishnet side pockets are handy for keeping CDs or small Kleenex packages, etc.I was concerned that it would not 'stay put' on the raised hump in the floor of my Buick.  The Velcro strips on the bottom don't seem to add much grip, BUT the sandbag sequestered cleverly in the zippered slot in the bottom of the wastebasket does an excellent job of stabilizing it!  I've been using it for a couple of months now, and while I don't drive as aggressively as I did when I was younger, it's not tipped over once!I would recommend this item to anyone.  I'm very happy with it!
The other reviews are right.  IT IS SMALL.  It is small enough that it fits on the floor between the back seats in my Corolla.  This item is not for disposing of trash from a family outing to fast food.  Just two emptied water bottles put it near capacity.  This item is for your chewing gum, wrappers, receipts, or anything else you don't want getting lose in your car before you make it to the trash.  It has a pocket for a few tissues, hand sanitizer, cheap sunglasses, whatever.  It has a frame so it stands straight and tall(well, tall for its size).  It has velcro on the bottom so it stays put.  Very good for keeping small messy things from getting lose in the car.  Tip.  Use a plastic grocer bag as a liner so it stays clean and is easy to empty.
Just the size I was looking for.  I fits perfectly on the drive-shaft hump in the rear seat.  The weighted bottom keeps it in place
I used to use a small shopping bag from the Harley dealer as my trash bag. However, there is no place to hang it in my new truck. Then I found this and ordered it. Its small, but its all I need, the larger size would be better suited to someone with a family. Once I figured out how to set it up, which is pretty ingenious, it fit my vehicle perfectly. The beanbag in the base and the velcro on the bottom work well to keep it in place and upright. The lid closes easily and doesn't get in anybodies way in the back seat. Thanks.
There is some some confusion about the size.  This is a compact "box", 8" long, 5" wide, and 8" high.  If you don't have a ruler handy, that's *about* as wide as a dollar bill and as tall/long as a dollar bill laid against another one that' been folded in half.  If you're not into measurements, think half-a-shoe-box.  However you measure it, it's big enough to hold the litter for an afternoon outing but not for a week-long trip.There are some Velcro strips along the bottom that do a great job of keeping the container from sliding around.  There are also rigid edges that keep it standing straight and tall.  The two mesh pockets are convenient except that depending on how you position the container it may be you can only get at one (as in the picture).The only thing I didn't like was the lid.  It is a flap, connected on one of the short sides.  It's meant to be fastened by a piece of Velcro connected to a lip on the opposite.  Unfortunately, the Velcro piece is small, and while reasonably rigid the top edge of the container doesn't offer a lot of resistance.  As a result it is difficult to keep the flap sealed.  That isn't a real problem since the top stays down pretty well on its own weight.  Still, since the went to the trouble of adding the Velcro tab it would have been nice if it actually worked.Bottom line, with the one minor annoyance aside this is a nice alternative to a hanging trash bag or a car floor filled with litter.Please feel free to let Amazon and me know whether this was helpful to you or not, since it helps me improve my reviews.
Fits between the seats on the floor in the back in my Forester.  The velcro is a bit annoying when I had it in the front.  The floor mat would stick to it when I tried to move it.  So don't put this on a floor mat!
It doesn't stay up.  Wires have come thru material.
Car trash bins are impossible to find in stores, plus this one is excellent! The velcro on the bottom is super strong, and holds the bin in place securely.  Works great to keep my car neat!
I have this on the floor in the rear seat area.  Perfect size for that. Container did not want to fully expand when opening, otherwise I'm happy with this purchase.
Great assistance in keeping a clean car. This is the perfect size for a small vehicle. It does not get in the way of passengers and is very well made. The lid on it keeps the trash out of sight but is not a hindrance to placing things in the bin. It was a well spent $20.00.
Great for smaller vehicles. Will sit (and stay) on the floor. Smaller compartments are great to hold wipes for kids hands, etc.  DEFINATELY WOULD RECOMMEND!
I really like the container ,But, it could be twice the size.  fills up pretty fast and there's more than enough room to widen and deepen the size for my 2008 GMC pickup
The basket was much smaller than I expected based on the photo. It does appear to be waterproof but it couldn't hold more than one large drink cup. The weighted bottom is just something wrapped in plastic which takes up room in the basket. The lid closes with velcro but doesn't really line up.All in all, not very well designed or manufactured.
No Knock on the seller, but this is definitely smaller than they made it out to be in this photo. The litter bag I received is about 2/3rd's the size of a cars center console if not smaller. I drive a Saab and if you know this vehicle then you know that there pretty much luxury compact cars with very little leg room. This trash sits perfectly on my back seat floor about four inches wide. I would recommend this product for a smaller vehicle but think twice if you think your McDonalds cup and bag will fit in it. It is leak proof and well made with a heavy duty material. For its size you can stuff a lot of trash in it with no problems but two small coffee cups and it's time to empty. I would recommend a larger size for an SUV.
it was the perfect size and price it actually stays where I put it.  So it has been a good addition to my car.thank you very much
It does exactly what you'd expect -- sits still and serves as a drip-free trash basket.
Just what I needed.  Stays in place even during sharp turns and sudden stops via it's velcro and bottom weight.
IT IS WHAT I NEEDED FOR MY PICK UP TRUCK TO PUT  GARBAGE IN AND IT HAS SIDE POCKETS TO STORE THINGS LIKE MY CAR CHARGER AND CONDIMENTS
It's ok but two things I don't like. One, it's a little small for my taste. Two, it needs some way to weight it down, like flaps with sand in them. It is continually falling over
The front floor of my Buick was useless!  I would put things there, and in a few minutes (after making a turn, etc.) they were tipped, scrambled, and all over the place!  Maybe my husband could build some kind of a box to hold them?  But first I looked on the internet, and found this Litter Bag.  It sounded small, but I ordered it for a try.  It is wonderful!  It holds more than I ever thought it could, and never tips over!
This is much smaller than it appears in photos, and quite honestly, it wouldn't work for me so I sent it back.  Make sure small is what you're after -- really, really small.  ;)
This is great for floor by back seat, but I would like one that was shorter for the front floor.  But it's still a lot better than a baggie hanging on the stick shift!
Its great for litter and looks great. Good when my grandchildren are with me.I.recommend it highly to everyone. Especially if you have young children.
We have had problems finding the perfect container for trash in the car and this one does the trick.  It fits right behind the console in our van and does not fall over.
I bought two of these for my new car and they were a perfect fit. I like the way it is weighted and stays in place. The size is perfect to sit just below the air blower behind the front console. Great little trash container!!
Although I am the only person who uses my car (i.e. only one person's worth of trash) and am relatively neat, this trash can is still too small -- much smaller than it looks in the picture.  Once it has one coffee cup it in, it is mostly full.  It's better than nothing, but if I were buying something now I would definitely get something bigger.  Also the velcro doesn't really work, and, as others mentioned, it's annoying that it doesn't close properly once you put a liner bag in.
Who would have thought that a trash can would be so useful in a car! Its weighted down with a bean bag to stay put and its WATER PROOF interior makes it even more helpful.I find it is better to place it on the floor behind the passenger seat so that I can reach it easily while driving (not that I'm doing anything that takes my hands off the wheel :P) I also take the time to crush cans or bottles (flattening them is just as good) to save space until your next dumping.
I picked this up to help keep the interior of my Honda Element clean. So far, it's worked. The trash bin is quite small (roughly a 6" cube with the weight in it), but honestly, I wouldn't want much more trash than that in my truck. I now have a place to put food wrappers, drink cans and receipts, and I usually just empty it out when I stop for gas.It is a pretty sturdy little trash can, and it also has two side pockets which are perfect for air fresheners, etc. The included bean bag takes away about a quarter of the storage space, but it keeps the trash can in one spot under hard cornering. Overall, I am quite pleased with it.
Really small but I haven't had any leaks.  I read the dimensions but I guess it just didn't register how tiny this is.
This container is a good size for keeping the interior of your car clutter free. The weighted bottom does a surprisingly good job of keeping the container upright and stationary.  The liner is supposed to be waterproof but I still line the container with a grocery bag for easy cleaning.  I would recommend one for people that spend a lot of time in their car.
I like this little trash container, helps keep the car tidier.  It's nicely weighted in the base so it doesn't tip over every time I go around a corner.  Nifty little container, thank you.
they photograph this in a vehicle that must be a child's toy... It can't hold a crumpled up McDonald's bag without spilling out
There are a number of problems with this product.  First, it is very small.  Secondly, it is weighted by a fabric sandbag that sits in the bottom of the the trash receptacle, so if you do spill something, it will get soaked up by the weight. I don't know how on earth this item has an average of 4 stars on Amazon.  I would never pay even $2 for this at a garage sale.  Feel very burned.
love the way the velcro makes it stay to the floor.  HOLDS MORE THAN YOU THINK. the lid stays closed also.
I got just what I expected and my wife and I are well pleased with it.  We did not want a &#34;garbage can&#34;.  We just wanted a small  unobtrusive container for light trash such as candy wrappers, used tissues, paper towels, etc.  This fits our needs perfectly and the black color matches our floor mats. We don't need the cover so we just folded it inside and ignore its presence.  The weighted base seems to do a good job of keeping the container from sliding around; however, before using it we applied about a 4-inch length of self-adhesive velcro from my wife's sewing basket just to be sure.  During a 2,000-plus mile trip we had no problems at all.Item received promptly and in good order.
This is the compact version and I think this is the cat's meow.  Be sure to check the dimensions because if you are not one who empties the garbage much, you may want the bigger size.
This was just what I needed. Not very big at all, it fits perfectly behind the center console in my 2011 Forester. It stays put nicely with the attached velcro and weighted bean bag. I don't produce much trash, so it's smaller size suits my needs perfectly.
Although it is a great product it is way too small for how expensive it is. I was thinking it was going to be a bit bigger anf after some research a two gallon just like it for only $13 dollars. Make sure if you buy the item you have a compact car. Other than that the product is great.
I grew tired of all the detritus that littered my car...I'm not the neatest person, but this helps me improve that.  Car charger, GPS holder, trash can, etc.  Use it several ways...but buy the larger one...it gets smaller as you decide on ways to use it.
I just got this trash container and really like it. Yes, as other reviews say, it is small (but I knew this, since I read the dimensions). For someone who just needs a neat place to stash tissues, the morning's banana peel, and a coffee cup or two, though, it's perfect. The weighted bottom and velcro keep it in place. I put mine on the passanger's side, since I usually drive alone, but someone could still sit with it there without it being in the way. And with the cover, they wouldn't even be grossed out by the tissues!
I bought this despite some of the reviews of being small. I couldn't find dimensions anywhere so here they are (8 1/8" h x 5 3/4" w x 8" L). Plenty of room for me and one or two companions, the way I normally travel. Just as a test, I put 4 soda cans in it vertical and another 2 horizontal with almost room for a fifth vertical. If you are hard on things or traveling with several children you may want to look at a different item as this is a soft side container. I also liked the sand bottom and Velcro to keep it in place. I'm not sure how useful the side pockets will be but they will allow for a bit more trash to be stored. Hope this was helpful!
Great product.  The sandbag in the bottom is perfect for keeping the bag in place.  The lid is a bonus for traveling and the bag get full of STUFF. The price is also very reasonable for something I'll use for the next few years.  Again, this is a great product.
I don't like this product because it just looks and acts like more trash on the floor.  I'm sure if you are a neatnik this could be great.  But if your not don't expect miracles
When they call this a compact bag, they are not kidding.  It is smaller inside then I expected, because it is thick.  I like that it remains steady in my car, and that it can be cleaned out in case something is spilled inside of it. I will definitely use it in my new car.  My advice is that if you are looking for something you can place a lot of items in, get the XL size.
Its big enough to hold candy wrappers and kleenux, but that's about it. I wish I would've seen the dimensions before I purchased it.
This was perfect for the in-between space in front of our Honda. It has side net pockets for Purel or maps. And is weighted to stay down and it's waterproof. Talk about getting enough bang for your bucks! This is the answer to your car litter problems.
I use this on my car and it doesnt move or slide around one bit.  Its very convenient to have.  only thing is its less foot area for passengers when you have this on the floor of a sedan or a compact.
For $17, I was expecting a lot more than what I got. The trash bin is so small, I can't believe I paid $17 for it. If you put a bag in it, the bag will be in the way of the velcro to keep the lid closed. A magnet would be a better idea. It works, and is nice to have.
This might be really great if all you need is a place for used kleenex. Please read the product dimensions and try to imagine what that size container would hold,  considering what you have in your car! In my car I have small water bottles, other drink containers, an occasional fast food bag, and mail that's not going home. This will hold about one day's worth of that! One-half day if my grandchildren are with me.Product is well built and attractive. The weight (a bean bag) takes up some of the trash space in a zippered compartment on the bottom. The bag I have is 7 x 6 x 8. (Not the listed dimensions) Minus the bean bag = not much space for trash. Right now there is a water bottle, a juice bottle, and a crumpled up paper bag. Full. Time to empty.I am returning the three I just bought for all the cars in the family.
Bought one originally for the front seat area in my vehicle.  Love it.  Never thought I would say I loved something that holds garbage but okay.  Bought a 2nd one for my kids to use in the back of my van.  Love that it's weighted and it does hold quite a bit.
This lil trashstand is great for my crossover.  I have it in the back floorboard just behind the center console.  I can easily access it while driving if I need to throw something away as well as other passengers.  I like that it is weighed down and easy to clean.  I did, however, put a plastic grocery bag in it so all I have to do is pull the bag out when I need to empty the trash.  I also added a small strip of velcro to the bottom to give it a lil extra security to the floor.  They should consider adding that to the bag as well.  The weight holds it in place to an extent.  Other than that I'm quite pleased with it.
When I owned a van, I used a regular small trash can up front in the middle and I filled it up constantly with tissues, candy bar wrappers, etc.  When I purchased my new Lexus ES, I wanted something that I could put my trash in, but I didn't want anything that hung on the door side or on the back of the seat because I felt it would take away from the "classiness" of the car.  The lexus has a flattened "hump" between the two back seat floor mats.  This trash stand fits there perfectly, stays in place, and almost looks as if it came with the car.  I absolutely love it.
It was just the right size to fit in front of our console in our van.It serves the purpose well and is perfect for small trash.
This can sets on the hump very well and stays put.  got it just for a trash can and it works very well and is the right size to use grocery bags as liners and just throw them away.
I bought this for my Honda Pilot.  It sits just behind the center console on rear floor between the driver and passenger seats.  The only problem with the bag is that when it is empty it folds up so when I am driving along and try to thrown something away I hit the side of the bag instead of the inside of the bag.  I like the product and would buy another.  I use a red solo cup in the bottom to keep it open.
Is the shape and size I was looking for but the Velcro doesn't stick to the carpet in my car so it falls over sometimes.
I wish the side walls were a little more rigid, it holds itself up pretty well but not the best.  Overall this is a nice small container which is great for the car.
This product arrived, looks great, but the snap on inside which allows for support is missing, so will not be rigid = no function.  The return label is missing, now I have to spend time repacking, finding a label, shipping back etc.boo
I returned this.  Wanted to find a trash holder as we have kids..and when you have kids, there is always trash to clean in the car!  But these move too much and was just taking up too much space in the car!
this item performed better than expected. it was everything that was advertised and has worked very well at staying in place. good buy at reasonable cost.
Received on timeThe product was in perfect conditionAnd it was just what i was looking forThanks !In the car works good
Love it.  Everything I needed satisfied
I like it but I wish that it was a little bit larger. The lid helps to keep the grand kids out of the container.
This item is smaller than the photo makes it look. Not what I needed. Probably not what you need either.
I love this trash can.  It's small enough to be out of the way, but large enough that it does not need to be emptied often.  The lid keep trash from falling out or being unsightly; yet, it fit loosely enough to allow bits a trash to be inserted without hassle.  The velcro on the bottom keeps it in place on the back floor mat between the from seats.  Very convenient.
I like to stay organized and I bought this so we wouldn't have a trash bag in the car and this is great.
This litterbag is larger on the outside than inside.  Holds practically nothing. It was full after I put 2  16 ounce water bottles inside.  Does not open easily.
I like this little trashcan. While it is quite small and will not hold a lot of garbage (definitely more of a one or two person garbage, not enough for a whole family worth of fast food trash) I kind of like this because it makes me remove trash from my car on a more regular basis while still having a designated place to put it where it won't roll under my seat or get the carpets sticky. There is also a liner so if liquid does spill within there is no need to worry about leaking.The Velcro and weights in the bottom hold this little trashcan firmly in place wherever you set it down. It is the perfect size to sit on the hump in the middle of the floor in the backseat.There are also mesh bags on the sides for storing items where I keep extra napkins and tissues. Pretty convenient.Has increased the tidiness of my car at least 10 fold.
Great for keeping the car clean of papers/etc..sits nicely on the floor of the back seat.. use a plastic shopping bag inside, and it is easy to empty.
I was having trash in my new car everywhere and then my wife pointed out the guys love their car and see how you kept it your's, that day only I ordered this product and find it really useful in short/long trips even everyday use while commuting to office. This product looks good and sturdy and people find it really nice to put their trash when commuting with us instead of putting in the door slots.I recommend this to all people who want to keep their car clear. Best for sedan/small car.
The weighted and velcro base keep this product in place nicely.  It also blends right in with a black or charcoal interior.  Exactly what I wanted.
So nice and neat, doesn't slide around on the floor.  It is very small but holds everything we put in it! Will probably order another one for the other car.
this is a nice little trash bag.  well made and sturdy.  just small.  i should have read the description.  it just looked bigger in the photo.  the bag stays open and up right very well.  the cover is just a flap. not a lit that will shut which is fine.  the bottom as some vercro to help stick to the floor but i don't see it gripping but it does have a little sad bag enclosed in the bottom that keeps it from moving around.  overall, it works good.  just small but i guess you wouldn't want so much trash sitting in your car anyways.  as to liquids, i think it will do fine staying in and not spilling over.  tho i have not try or would pour liquid in.
This trash bin is so small! It has a nice design, and I like the weighted bottom, but it was simply too tiny to be practical. The picture is deceiving. I sent it back.
I've had this little trash bag in my car for probably 8 years.  It has been very useful and never tips over.  But it is small as people have said, and it's getting smaller all the time, because it compresses down since the sides don't hold it up (as another reviewer has mentioned).  I have to say, I'm finally looking for a different style of trash can for my car.
This litterbag works great in the space between the shift lever and the console. Its only down side it is a soft-sided bag with a flimsy support system to keep it erect and open. It tends to collapse and the top, which has a velcro closure tab, is sometimes not easy to close.
This mini-trash collector is great for small cars, like my 2007 Yaris!  Very convenient and does not take up a lot of space.
The straps were too short to fit around my visor on my 2013 Silverado 2500HD so I couldnt even use it.
This organizer has all the features I needed. There's no mirror in my driver's side visor so I put one in the clear pocket and cut out the center for a clear image. It works perfectly. All the pockets open side ways, except the large zippered back pocket, so whether the visor is up or down nothing falls out. I like the elastic loop for my pen so I added a notepad in a pocket - just what I wanted.The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the straps were too short to fit around my truck's big visor. This was the problem with visors I tried from the stores.  I added my own Velcro strap extensions.Works for me.
I looked for way too long before I decided on this visor organizer, but I'm glad I did.  It's very well made; sturdy and nice materials.  I like the Velcro closures.  The two rear pockets go the full width, i.e., all the way to the left, so you can stick maps in them.  The top zippered pocket is large, the full size of the unit.  It would be nice if the Velcro pocket went the full width too, rather than just a few inches; it stops at the clear window.  And I don't need the clear plastic window, but oh well.  Overall this is the best organizer out there that I could find and the few dollars over some cheaper ones here on Amazon is worth the quality of materials.
I ordered this to replace a Grid-It brand organizer, which I liked a lot but the elastic just fell apart after a couple years.  This organizer is not perfect, but it's pretty nice.  It doesn't hold a huge variety of shapes and sizes, but it's sufficient for keeping a few odds and ends corralled, and the clear plastic pocket gives you a place to put small notes that you need to keep handy.  So that works out pretty nicely.This organizer also doesn't fit on the visor of a 2006 Honda CR-V, or a 2002 PT Cruiser.  If you sew, it's fairly easy to add a little extension of velcro.  If you don't sew, it's also possible to just use extra velcro strips to make an extension.  For each strap that needs an extension, you'll need a strip of both hook and loop velcro -- 4" or 6" ought to do.  Attach the fuzzy extension strip to the hook portion of the visor strap, so that half of the strip is attached, and the other half of your extension sticks out.  Do the same thing to with the strip of hook velcro, also, and then your two extension strips should be long enough to stick together.But if even that's not something you want to do, just don't buy this for a car whose visor is more than about 7-8" wide!
The straps are to short to go all the way around  the visor on my pick up truck. Ya think they could make then universal for all vehicles.
this visor is priced great and works awesome. I use it a lot and it helps keep my car clean. great buy!
THIS WILL NOT FIT A 2013 CHEVY SILVERADO FULL SIZE PICK UP (3500) THE VELCRO STRAPS ARE TOO SHORT YOU NEED AT LEAST ANOTHER INCH TO 1 1/2 FOR IT TO WORK.
Fits fine in my wife's 2013 Honda CRV. Just what she was looking for. Would have preferred a tan color, but black is not bad.  The straps are velcro, so easily adjusted.
It does what is needed. Has a lot of pockets half of which are very deep and other shallow. Seems like it will be durable for normal vehicle use.
Don't expect to fit a ton in this, but it's flexible enough to keep some receipts, cards, pens, and various other items. The zippered area is good for keeping things that tend to slide around.It just barely fits around the visor in my two door car though.
Good and basic.  Just the right fit for my Ford Ranger visor.  Holds all that I need it to - Great!
This was sent direct as a gift to someone wanting a good organizer for their vehicle visor.  He told me that he liked it and the pockets were what he was needing.
Lots of pockets and it fit perfectly on my visor. I have a small car and was a little concerned that it might be too big, but it isn't.
The item was actually very satisfactory owing to its velcro attachment mechanism. What I am disappointed in was the lack of items available in this category. I guess there is a limited interest/market for this type of item.
We were wondering whether we change our red family room (sagging) couch until we came across the Chair Seat Savor and was true to word. It has saved us buying a new couch which is now back to its  original firm seating condition. Money well spent.
You can't expect miracles...but this is a very good product to use to breath a bit of life back into old sagging couches.  I think once I put some new or extra padding into the cushions that things will be almost as good as new.
works like a champ -- and saved the chair without expensive replacement of the webbing.
The purchase was a spur of the moment thing while I was making another purchase and I decided to look for the product because I had seen it in a catalog along with the item I was looking for.  I am so far satisfied with it and may purchase another in the future.
I bought this item for both a chair and sofa and it did not fix anything.  I recommend just adding foam or a piece of plywood as someone else mentioned.
I bought an Emergency Tool for my own vehicle about three years ago on clearance at TJ Maxx for about $5.  Well, my son just got his driver's license, and I wanted one of these for him as well.  We spend a great deal of time in Jacksonville, FL, and if you've ever been there then you know they don't call it the River City for nothing.  There are lots of bridges.  I couldn't find one of these tools in a store anywhere!  So, I started looking online and found several, just like this one for up to $80!  I came back to Amazon, found several different ones to choose from and settled on this one for my boy.  I've never had to use mine, and I pray that he never has to use his, but I feel better knowing he's got it in his truck.
I ordered this as a gift for my son. I really liked the fact that it came with Velcro pieces so that you can mount it where you will be able to find it when/if you need it
more sturdy than I expected. I would recommend it to a friend. I got one for both of our vehicles.
I got one for Christmas. Bought my honey one for a long road trip. I will have to ask him when he comes home if he put it to use
I used it a few times to break glass, the handle was hollow plastic...had it maybe a month, it broke.
Nice concept, but more trouble than it's worth. Doesn't feel solid enough to last very long. And it's simply not easy to tug a napkin out without ripping it.
I actually bought this for my home kitchen not the Motor home and it works quite well. I put it inside one of my lower cabinets and it is easy fill, easy access and much quicker than having to get out the entire napkin package when I need a napkin quickly.
This product helps eliminate napkin clutter and cleaning up napkins in the cabinet when the ride gets a bit rough.  Also, eliminates digging around to find a napkin.  They are always handy.
ANOTHER ITEM BOUGHT FOR CAMPER TO ORGANIZE! TAKE NAPKINS OFF THE TABLE MAKES MORE ROOM FOR OTHER THINGSFITS WELL UNDER CABINET
Had one of these, then we remodeled and parts got lost.  Since I use napkins all the time, it is convenient and out of the way at the same time.  If I camped, I would like it for a camper, too.
Looking for a way to keep my kids from scattering the napkins all over the dining room, I found this.  Its easy to install too.
they work great for the grand children and they don't go making more mess, and waste a log of paper towels.
Space is a premium in small travel trailer and I keep the Pop-A-Bowl, napkin & plates together.  It's not beautiful, but it is practical and functional at a very reasonable cost.
I have a small kitchen and this item works great in my cabinet, keeps my napkins handy when I need them
Used double sided tape. Has worked well Releases napkins well and doesn't release them when traveling down the road. Good value
This hides under your cabinet but is very easy to use.  Keeps your napkins clean and within easy reach.  Worth the money, highly recommended.
I like products that safe space and this one of them.Easy to mount and easy to storage napkins and to reach
I'm an organization nut: I like every single thing to have it's own &#34;home&#34; (I also make every item earn it's keep - no knick knacks that just sit and gather dust, for example). Coffee filters have always been a challenge: at best I'd find a spot for them in a drawer near our under-cabinet coffee maker, but that was never really ideal. This filter holder is exactly what I needed. It installed in seconds, is small enough to be hidden partly behind our paper towel holder, and it's holding our filters without any falling out. We're using it in our condo (not an RV) and why not...the problem of where to keep filters is a challenge in homes, too, not just in RVs!Other reviews have stated that grabbing more than one filter is a problem at times and that is true...but then, we would have that problem from time to time removing a filter from the stack when the filters were kept in the drawer. It's more to do with how the filters just cling (are packed so tightly) together than any failing of this little device.If you're on the fence about this, go for it.
I love it! It fits under my kitchen cabinet perfectly. It holds an entire filter bag and it pops out easy.
I bought this for my home kitchen - works great - makes pulling a filter quick and easy.  And it is completely hidden by the lip of the overhead cabinet!
This fits both types of filters we use in our RV and such a great space saver. Also ends looking for the filters...and so we asked, &#34;why not have one at home too&#34;?  And now we do!
The pop a filter arrived on time as expected. It allows me more counter space. However, they still stick together. But at least they are out of my way. Off the counter.
I am an organized freak.  Everything has its proper place.  This is just what I needed.  It was easy to install in a hidden fashion
Pop A Filter Works good and only pulls one at a time if that's all you grasp. I still pull out more than one sometimes if I'm half asleep and not paying attention to what I'm grabbing.
This thing is great easy to put up and works making life  easy to make a pot of coffee when your half a sleep.
Had to return this item, as it was too wide to hold standard 12-cup basket filters (as shown in photo).  Tried fanning out the filters as manufacturer recommends but they still fell out.  The ad and box show coffee filters being used, but product itself is embossed with "Pop A Plate".  6" paper plates or bowls would probably work much better in this.
Too stiff. In fact there is a stiffener spine right behind the bulge. I end up buying a yoga pad for the purpose.
GREAT protector of my garage walls and more importantly for the well being of the car doors and they look good. A few of my neighbors ordered them after seeing my garage.
I have this product in multiple garages and it works great.  Nice width and length.  Easy installation and good quality. Highly recommend over other products that I purchased
Yes, I have a 1 oz touch up paint bottle, no I have not used it in a while.This great idea saves those accidental wall tappings. Two car garage? Yeah with 12 inches between my side(the wall) and the wifes car. Open the door for to get out and the first holding stop with the swing of the door taps the wall. Touch up paint was commonly used.Placed this protector on the wall and no more dings. I do not have to constantly monitor how I open my door. No worries.
This product does a great job of protecting both the sheetrock wall in my garage and the edge of my vehicle door.
We have used these wall protectors in the fire station to save damage to both the walls and to the truck doors.  Some of the older stations were not as wide as the current designs so this is a practical alternative.  They can and do take a lot of bumping and still hold up well.  The bumpers did not come with mounting screws so you will need to get what will work for your wall whether it be sheetrock, brick, concrete or something else.  The do not stick out a lot when walking by them so that is a plus.  We choose the yellow for caution.
Purchased as gift for our friends with a 2000 yellow corvette and they were hitting their wall with driver's door........ this we thought, would be a very practical gift.  They love it
Just right to save the paint on my wife's Cadillac! Easy to install. Helps us prevent arguments and frayed nerves.
Very simple and easy to install will protect my car door and also the drywall in the garage.
It works just like I wanted! It takes up no room and prevents car doors from getting scrsatched if they are opened too wide! The only problem I have is that I need them to be longer, so I will be ordering more very soon!
This is my second garage wall protector set of these.  I ordered years ago and loved how they kept my car door edge from bashing and tearing the garage drywall board.  We'll worth the easy install.
Bought two of these to protect front & rear car doors from swinging into wall of garage and chipping paint.  They're plastic and they do warp a little with temperature changes but they get the job done.  So long as you can drive 3 screws into sheetrock (or a stud if you find one), you'll thank yourself for installing these and saving your car doors.
I cannot tell a lie. The person who designed our garage must have thought we were going to park bicycles in there, because we can barely fit our normal sized cars. So this item is perfect. We can pull all the way up to the wall (the only way the door can close) and we won't damage it. This is a really smart item. It came in a timely manner and we have been using it happily ever since.
Really helps protect our car door from the garage wall. We affixed strips of weather stripping on it, so it made for a softer contact. It is well designed and appears to be quite sturdy.
Easy installation. Works as advertised. No dents in wall from opening car door to far. I have also use them for the lower part of my walls when I roll my toolbox and things against it.
Screw mount on wall, protects wall and if you bump it with edge of door, it is OK.  Looks great in garage too!!
I was under the impression that this device was made of a soft material that would protect my car doors. It isn't and it doesn't. It's just as hard as the walls in my garage and provides no protection. If it were made of a softer material I would recommend it without hesitation. This was a complete waste of money. A rolled up towel stapled to my garage wall would work better.
Great product. I'm always cautious when opening my doors, but sometimes you are bound to go a little too far.  These have saved the doors on my 2004 Z06 several times by now.  I've hit the guards with moderate force on accident and not a single scratch on the paint. Well worth the money.
This product saves your garage wall AND your car door edge.  For those of you that actually use your garage for cars and have very little space to do so, this little gem is worth every penny! No more dinged up walls or chipped doors for us!!
I really like this --- does the job and saves my garage walls from getting nicked up. And is very easy to install. Took about 10 minutes.
These door protecters are made well and provide the expected protection against damage by contacting the garage walls. They are flexible enough to absorb the contact without causing door damage.
I know what all the descriptions of use for this tape are but I have a brand new one.  I was building my "O" Scale model railroad and was installing some streets.  I found it difficult to put white stripes down the center of the road and on the edges.  I had used rubber-like material commonly used for railroad bed because it was the perfect size for "O" Scale railroad streets.  The different size "auto stick" tape made the center and side street lines very neat and clean and very,very straight.  I now have a small supply of this for just such use every time I make a change.  I thank you for this wonderful product.  Jerry LaFavor, old guy in Las Vegas
really great product. I applied on my helmet and on the forks of my bike- adds LOTS to visibility, especially at 430AM when I ride before work!
Very flexible, goes on easy.  I got it to bend around a corner radius a little larger than a 50cent piece.
The 1/4" reflective tape is the perfect width for adding reflectivity to bike helmets.  I also used it to pin stripe my bike.  It's wide enough to be noticeable but not too wide to make everything ugly.  It's quite reflective and is very easy to apply.  The tape stretches and bends easily so, as the product description says, it can indeed handle the curves of helmets and bikes very well.  I highly recommend this for anyone who commutes by bike or spends much time out at night.
Works well, very reflective.  I can't get it turn as around curves nearly as well as some say they can.  I learned not to pull of too much backing ahead of time or pull to hard, because it will tear fairly easily.  But I like it.  Can't see it in the day-time hardly at all on my white-car, but even at only 1/4&#34; it lights up at night in headlights just fine.
I have an HJC motorcycle helmet and used this reflective tape to follow several lines painted in the design of the helmet. This is an easy, cost effective way to make a rider more visible at night.
Works great on trailers, rear cargo carriers etc.  I've had mine through winters, hunting, camping etc and it sticks and reflects well.  Great to make sure people see you a bit quicker.
All the police vehicles I've ever occupied had a reflective side line, so I decided to apply the same to my personal car & truck.  I haven't been hit yet...not that that's proof of security.  One of my vehicles is over 20 years old, and the other's a 2005.  Neither have been T-boned....yet.  But, I hope this simple flash helps.
My 6 year old loves this bag for carrying her sparring gear to Tae Kwon Do.  She had a tote bag but the bag was so bulky it was hard for her to handle.  This bag is great.  I don't know, however, if it would work for an adult as the bag comfortably fits her child-sized gear.
From the Pictures, you just cant tell how well made this backpack is. I am very impressed with the quality of this backpack. I highly reccommend this piece!
I have had this backpack for a little over a year.  I do not use it as a gear bag but rather as a uniform bag.  There are times when one only needs their uniform and not all their gear.  I was looking for a bag that would handle that.  The design and make of the bag is exactly what I was looking for.  I have no problems with the design.  The problem is the construction of the backpack.  The major problem is the plastic being used.  The plastic is cheap. I am a student so I have several backpacks plus I use them as day bags when I travel.  I have never broken a plastic clasp ever.  The plastic buckle for the straps of the back pack have broken.  I set the size when I got the bag and have not adjusted it since.  The next problem is that it is starting to become undone across the seem lines.  the sewing is not very sound.  The back is coming undone within a year.  It has never had more in it than a clean uniform, a book, and perhaps a change of clothes. I have to stress that the design is good but the construction is awful.  Buy a regular backpack from Jansport or Eastpack and sew on a Taekwon Do patch and you will have a better bag.  ProForce should have known better.
I use this as a college backpack. I wanted a bag that displayed the yin/yan symbol and came upon this backpack after my yin/yan messenger bag I was currently using couldn't handle all of the books and binders I needed to hold for college life. I was a bit worried when the backpack first arrived because a few threads were loose in the seams of the sewing. But it's an amazing backpack! It holds an amazing amount of weight and has two additional compartments. You can also unzip the sides of the backpack to expand or contract its size. I'm at the end of my fall term, and my backpack hasn't shown any signs of wearing down (even after all the abuse I've put it through). I would definitely recommend this to anyone, especially those who need a backpack that has a lot of space and needs something that can carry a lot of weight.
At first glance i loved this bag it just plane looks awsome and the edge of the top flap is reflective which i thought was pretty spiffy. The next important factor is how sturdy it is though i have had it for a few months now i pack all my school books in it every day cuz i dont use my locker and it hasnt event started to unravle yet I highly recomend this for any body looking for a sturdy good looking pack for a low price ive have gone through 7 different backpacks in last year alone but i have had this one and pushed to its limits and its still together im very impressed its lasted longer than any other backpack ive had.
I bought this for my daughter. It handles her ridiculously over loaded curriculum with ease! Very sturdy. Awesome backpack. Perfect!
This is a great pack for younger kids and it expands so it can hold all of their pads.  It is big enough that they can get things in and out easily and also carry it. its lightweight and easy to buckle.
My son is such a karate fanatic he wanted a karate backpack for school.  Found this one (a little pricey $30). Heavy duty and sturdy. Straps kept slipping so we needed to tie a knot in the straps to stop them from slipping.  Overall a good quality backpack!
The fiberglass cloth in this package is thicker than expected.  I used it for internal boat repair because the texture is rough cloth for structure.  I bought the 3M fiberglass for external boat hull repair.  This package is very good for structure repair and as far as for the surface repair I would use 3M or other weaved cloth because of the texture.  I took one star off because of the cloth quality was not what I was expected, not the cross weaved cloth.  Check your local Lowes or Home Depot for items similar to this!
I am using this for crafts and never realized it would harden so quickly. Any oil will do to make it slide right out..
I didn't have the same problems as the other reviewer. Mine works fine. It's great for when it's hot outside and I want to start the AC from inside the house, so when I get in, it's nice & cool. It was even better in the winter when I could start the car from the kitchen window and get in a nice warm car for my long drive to work instead of riding & freezing.
salt terminator works great i never used anything like this before as soon as i used it i saw all the salt coming out of my jet on my jet ski. when salt builds up inside it can cause problems to your engine. i would reconmend this to anyone who has a boat jet ski anything that goes in salt water.
All set to go, removed my old galvanized wire and replaced with stainless.  My galvanized is very rusted after 10 years of outdoor service on a boat davit around fresh water.  Should have went with stainless to start with.
It came on time. It looked in real good condition pretty much like a new tool. It well made heavy tool with good action.
Pros: +5 stars, Exact OEM replacement for my 2003 Odyssey, decent price, fast shipping, they all were perfectly gapped out of the box and worked.Con: -1 star, The plugs in their individual paper boxes were loosely packed in the shipping box. One plug was rattling around out of its package. I feel lucky I didn't receive a box of very expensive ceramic shards.
NGK (4363) PZFR5F-11 Laser Platinum Spark Plug, these are the best plugs ever. They look very nice and work excellent with my high performance wires and coil that were just added. Immediate spark and ignition, NGK are really good products if you are looking for good performance.
Even though the online application chart indicated that these spark plugs will not work on my 2002 Honda Odyssey, the plugs ARE the CORRECT plugs for my 2002 Honda Odyssey.
I ordered these plugs last week.  They arrived and I checked each one out and compared them to the NGK website for accuracy.  They are the correct plugs.  My only complaint is one of the boxes had the label ripped off the box that identified the plug.  The plug was rolling around loose in the larger box it was shipped in.  The plug is correct, the box is correct but the closing lid to the box that contained the plug info had been ripped off and was no where to be found.Not a big deal but worth mentioning.
The old Pilot really appreciated new plugs; Pre-set gap; don't over tighten. Most cars spec these plugs because they have the heat range selection, the correct length and the threads are cut correctly.
The product arrived in new condition and on time.  Installed the plugs in my 2000 Honda Accord V-6 and the car ran great!What more could you ask for?
For some reason, Amazon indicates that this sparkplug is not for the 2000 Honda Odyssey. It is the correct one for the Odyssey. I confirmed that it is the same plug from the user's manual and the actual plug in the engine.After replacing the plugs, the van ran smoother and has a bit more power. I don't drive much and have about 72K miles on it but was over the 7 year period that the plugs should be changed. Changing the plugs made a big difference in performance and smoothness.
My vehicle is a 1999 Honda Civic. I've also used NGK plugs on: 1988 Honda Accord, 1999 Subaru Forester, and a 2000 Toyota Sienna, with excellent results across the board.I love working on cars, and spend a LOT of time reading blogs by mechanics, enthusiasts, etc. I've consistently read that NGK makes the best plug, especially for Japanese cars. You'd think that after a century, all plugs would be alike and they'd be a commodity product. Apparently not.After installing this set of plugs, I ended up calling NGK with a technical question...buried in a PDF* rom NGK, which I accessed online, you're NOT supposed to apply anti-seize to most of their plug threads, as they already have a special coating from NGK. The two main problems are (a) over-torquing effect, and (2) too much anti-seize causing misfiring. The tech and I decided my applying only a little anti-seize and not going bonkers with tightening probably meant all was well. Things have been fine since I installed them a week ago. I was amazed to get a human at NGK, by the way...and a polite, knowledgeable one at that.I went with the platinums because they're supposed to last longer than the NGK Iridiums I was replacing. The NGK tech told me the Iridiums were "aftermarket, with only one precious metal, while the platinums have both the center and ground electrode made of platinum" in response to my asking why the platinums were a bit more money.I'd add that spark plugs are one link in your ignition system. If you have an old, worn distributor/rotor (my '99 Honda does) or old ignition wires (NGK makes good, affordable ones - wayyyy better than the generic crap at most auto parts stores, IMO), new plugs may not solve your problem. Do yourself a favor and replace them all.NGK (8028) HE73 Premium Spark Plug Wire Set* it's called "Tech Bulletin - Anti-Seize Compounds on Spark Plug Threads" so just search for it. Amazon won't let me post the link.
Works great on 2000 Honda Odyssey.  The laser Platinum is the replacement for the original ones.  I compared the old ones with the new ones.
These were OEM plugs on my Accord. I removed them after 105k miles and they looked great, so I decided to go with the same ones again. They are more $ than other plugs but I figure they last so why not.
OEM plug for my Honda Odyssey. Easy to install. No complaints. Don't use anti-seize. Manufacturer puts an anti-seize plating on the plug threads. At 100,000 miles, the old plugs were easy to remove. The only challenging part of the replacement was on the back 3 plugs. I used a socket, ratchet, and extension, and I did not have enough room to assemble them in advance. So first I put the socket on the plug, then added the extension, then the ratchet. This worked fine.
What can I say other than that the spark plugs work great, no problems and great spark.  Great price compared to other places.
After installing, I think that this spark plug reduced my fuel consumption by about 1 mpg, which is amazing. High-quality spark plug that is worth the value
You should verify what is inside the box.  Look at model # on the spark plug and the NGK website to make sure you received the correct spark plugs.I've received 6 spark plugs today and 5 of the 6 are the wrong model.  One is good as expected.  The other 5 are cheap $3 plugs in NGK boxes with a printed label on them claiming they are PZFR5F-11.  I am not sure who would put a wrong label and why ??  I never had any problems with Amazon.  I can't tell if they came from a different vendor.  Very pissed off.
After installing, I think that this spark plug reduced my fuel consumption by about 1 mpg, which is amazing.  High-quality spark plug that is worth the value
The plugs were exactly as described and ordered.  The price was considerably lower than the local Honda dealer.  They arrived in the stated time.
Purchased these plugs for my 2002 Odyssey and installed them myself. Took about an hour and the car runs like new, not that it did not prior to replacing. Replaced at 108k on the odometer. Amazon has the beat deal with two day shipping.
This is the same product that you can buy at the brick and mortar stores.  It works.  What else is there to say.  Buy it and use it.
The Honda Pilot finally reached over 100K miles and it was time to replace them.  They didn't look too bad but once I replaced the car ran really smoth.  The amazon price was a lot better than any of the local autoparts stores.
Made my 13 year old honda feel like new again, these are the orig plugs honda uses in the civic and they work great
Excellent brought mpg back from 15 to 19 or 20 in the city. Also improved rpm at 60 mph from 2200 to 1800. Well worth the effort to install
If you're like me, you're trying to get as much life out of your old Honda Civic.  After lots of reading, the NGK Platinums are the best plugs out there.  Easy to install and I already notice a difference.
They're what my Honda wants and that's what I put in them.  The engine runs smooth and with no missing at high RPM.  They do the job they're supposed to do.
The handle bar mittens have a small opening so they were hard to put your hands in if you are wearing gloves.  I returned mine for this reason.
I used this to outline my scooter so it's incredibly visible at night. It works really, really well, and allowed me to make precise lines wherever I wanted. It's held up very well throughout the past couple of years.
White highly reflective tape.  easily worked around curves, especially is using a hairdryer to warm it up a bit.  reflects light really well.
Looks cool and very reflective.  Worked well for decorating a bike with pin-striping and proved to be highly reflective back to the source.
The tape stretches nicely to hug curves but the tape itself tears quite easily.  I could not gauge how reflective the tape actually was.
Easy to apply.  Only been applied for a couple weeks. So far, looking good! Great for cars, boates, helmets, motorcycles, etc.
I wrote the review on the red tape.  The white tape is just as good as the red tape, but it is a different color..........  Seriously - buy it.
I bought this tape to line my puppy's clothes and cloth area of her retractable leash. It's slim so it's easy to line the outter hem of clothing without it being obstructive to the clothes. It's also narrow enough to be used on cloth doggy leads to give your doggy leashes that extra protection. I have a small dog, so it's hard to see her at night, so this added reflection on her leashes and harnesses give her that extra visibility. I've also used it to line the top of my tent so it can stand out amongst other campers. It's so versatile, you can use it just about anywhere to give anything that extra added glow.
I received one of these as a gift. I carry it on my key chain which I attach to my mountain bike when riding. We used this one day when my son had a flat miles from home. I didn't have any trouble getting it to seal agains the valve stem as others have complained. It was easy to use, and from what I understand it actually is piezoelectric so doesn't have a battery contrary to what the Amazon commentary says (I haven't taken it apart so I'm not sure about this). I checked it against my $40 tire pressure gauge on my compressor and it matched exactly for accuracy. For the price how can you go wrong!
I chose this gauge because it was small and would be easily available to keep on my key chain.When I went to test the pressure in my tires with this gauge getting a reading was a problem.The larger gauge from Accutire works great, this smaller version was not a good choice.
This tiny little key chain does exactly what it's supposed to. Very small, very cheap and very good. I even checked it's accuracy. Recommend if you only need to check your tires with a very low price but accurated device.
Notice that Amazon says this is a discontinued item? Mine was non-operational out of the box. The error code displayed on the unit indicates the "lifetime" lithium power cell is depleted. Looks like it's been sitting around in a warehouse for quite some time and they are now getting unloaded on Amazon. Beware.
A small and useful gadget.  You simply put into the tire, and read the pressure.I can't imagine something more easy to use.
This little tire gauge works great it is right on the money I keep it on my bike for road trips and it just works great and is also just the right size.
Accurate, easy to use, what more could you ask for?
This is a great little tool.  Very accurate, and durable.  It works even when the temp is below zero.  If you have a long valve stem, you will need two hands (one to hold the stem, and one for the gage), but I need two hands for my other gages also, so no big deal.  I have other digital gages, but this one is the best.
not bad, but i think next time i would go with a better one to keep in the glove box. this works, but lacks a nub on it to let some air out.
Had it for a long time now, and the battery is still good every time i use it.
Inexpensive, so I could afford to buy this just to try it. Occasionally find it hard to get a reading since we have to press it down in the correct angle. But its been running fine for a year now.
We have this tire gauge for 5 years and it works everytime.  It is a very good product.  A good quality product.
of the five guages i bght, each and every one has died! they worked good for several times, but after a month of maybe 6 uses each, each passed on to wherever cheap products go to. wasted my money...
This is the worst, this is my second infrared Thermometer wish I had not given my first away. I will never buy this brand again. At five inch's away the laser is off by 1 inch. useless laser pointer.I've lost the receipt so this ones going in trash. What a waste of eighty bucks.
I bought this for an arcane research application (for which it was fine), but found it was also useful around the house.  As we'd had trouble with A/C units and airflow in the vent system, I used this IR thermometer to check the outflow temperature and the wall temperatures around the rooms.  It's easily precise enough for such uses, and other reviewers have already mentioned other home uses.
Haven't found it's true potential, but It defines hot spots in the oven, and cold spots in the refrigerator and if the double pane windows are working or not.
The Output A/C temperature should be about 59 degrees (cooling) and 100+ for a Heat Pump or 120+ degrees for gas heat at the Ventilation Register.  Keeping track of your own system's performance saves on calling the Repairman needlessly.Measure the temperature inside your refrigerator to make sure it is cooling sufficiently and the freezer, too.  If it's too high, save money by vacuuming the coils on the back or underside yourself to avoid component failure, again saving money on Service Calls.Check the accuracy of your Heat and A/C Thermostat.  If it is off, utility bills can escalate.Great little investment that we use frequently.
I love this Thermometer.  It is works so well and so easily.  Just point and shot really.  You have to probably do it several times to get an average reading, but it is great for checking the refrigerator temperature, outside temperature.  Outside, it is amazing to see the difference in the concrete and say the grass...or under a tree.  I'm using it also to check my AC vents.  It is just a nice useful tool to have around the house.  Helps you check temperatures before calling a professional to fix something like your refrigerator or AC.I go walking my two mini Dachshunds and I bought a Pet Stroller.  I have used it to see what the temperature is inside that stroller, with the mesh zipped up...the girls get so hot walking after 2 miles  and I didn't want to put them in a stroller that would contribute to their over heating.  The girls get to cool down and rest and I get to continue my walk.  It worked out great...peace of mind is a wonderful thing.
This is a handy little hand-held temperature "probe".  The red laser beam really aids in pin-pointing the surface that in is question.
We got this to trouble shoot a cooling system problem.  It was useful for that, as we could quickly read the temperature of air coming out of vents.  It has been very useful in identifying winter air leaks, measuring the temperature of food in the kitchen (very instructive about what microwave ovens do and do not heat up), and for making soap, candies, and other temperature sensitive concoctions.  It gives an instant readout.  Very useful gizmo to have, reliable, works exactly as advertised.
I NEEDED THIS ITEM, FOR MY JOB & THE PRICE WAS GOOD, JUST WHAT I WANTED
Good little fuse puller but I would like it to be about 2" longer. Grips fuses tightly and is well built.
I am using it in my ultrasonic machine for cleaning my rifle brass. Really works great. It definitely goes a long way
I originally purchased the product to clean rifle brass in an ultrasonic cleaner. The household applications are great for cleaning and disinfecting. I have a bathroom sink drain that did not smell so good and used 2 liters @ 20ml per liter of citranox with very hot water and after the initial flush with citranox followed by 4 liters of hot water problem solved. The sink drain is also flowing like new so it probably also cleaned a partially clogged drain. Awesome product and I will buy it again.
This stuff clean rifle brass in a sonic cleaner great. You have to be on top of it and clean it off quickly but it does a perfect job. The best part is you only use a few ounces to a gallon of water so it lasts for a long time.
This product, coupled with an ultrasonic cleaner really cleans the inside of the metal rifle cartridges. The tumblers with walnut or corn cob media may make the brass shiny. However, the tumbler really does not clean the case insides.
I use this for ultra-sonic cleaning of rifle cases.  About a 1% or 1.5% solution does great.  Rinse in hot water and then dry.
Good for cleaning all surfaces. Citranox is used for cleaning ICPMS parts to remove metals, including Uranium from glass, ceramic and polypropylene surfaces.
I use if for cleaning rifle brass, It is the most effective cleaner I have found after trying several others as well as a bunch of home made mixes
Good buy, works as intended.
product worked perfectly as described and seems to be very accurate...did just what i needed it to do which was check a transmission temperature
This unit is not quite precise enough for me, I get multiple different readings from it. But it is close enough, definitely not good enough for government work.
We had bought this unit for several years from Grainger but tried a larger unit. The larger unit was not consistant as this model. The price on Amazon is half of what Grainger charges for the exact same unit.
I have bought two of these - one for home and one for work.  I bought the first one to check out a malfunctioning HVAC system in my house, but soon found other uses or it, like checking my refrigerator/freezer, the temp inside my car, etc.  I got another one for work for similar issues.Everyone has fun pointing it at everything to see its temp.  But mainly, the device is super simple to use, the battery lasts forever, it's durable - and fun!I definitely recommend it.
I have an old house and recently installed a pellet stove. I've been curious as to how hot the stove gets and also wondered if there were any major holes in my house letting the heated air leak out. I looked into buying one of those heat sensing cameras but discovered they cost a fortune and then came upon this little thermometer and am impressed with it's accuracy and cost. According to the MT4, my stove puts out air measuring about 240 degrees F and I haven't found any spots in/outside my house that are leaking heat. Also, I learned I needed to make my frig a little colder, that my hot tub really is 104 degrees F, that "5" on my electric stove is about 350 degrees, that my dog is always 80 degrees, that sweat on my forehead keeps my skin temp at 85 degrees but when the sweat dries, my skin temp rises to about 95 degrees, my heated car seats get up to about 105 degrees - no wonder I always turn them off after a few minutes. Lots of fun and uses. I think everyone should have one. Accuracy was tested by measuring the wall temperatures next to where I hang old style mercury thermometers throughout the house and the readings are always (+/-) 2 degrees which is within the published margin of error.
When you make truffles, the chocolate must be heated to just the right temp, and at certain temps, you will ruin it if the chocolate is stirred.  Having this type of thermometer works like a charm!!
I found this to be very accurate within it's temperature range.  Great item for the price.  Light weight and reasonably durable.
We got one of these to check surface temperatures when cooking, but are using it for everything under the sun. I have verified that my refrigerator is 34 degrees F and freezer was minus 2 degrees F. Oven verified. Also, shows many leaks around windows. Will have to get those sealed! Love this device.
I have no way of testing the accuracy but it is perfect for my wood fired pizza oven to tell when temperatures are good.  Had it for a few months and it still works, hopefully it will last.
My late wife gave me one of these many years ago, when it was an industrial tool and cost three times as much. It is still working, and I have used it daily. It is currently my favorite gift for most any special occasion. Though the laser in mine has become unpredictably intermittent, it hasn't affected its accuracy, and it works on griddles for pancakes, cups of water in the microwave, bread dough, walls, floors, ducts, most anysurface up to 500F, and the new ones seem to go to 750F. No kitchen should be without one.
went to the local autoparts store and amazon beat their pricy by 12 dollars.  good little unit for those quick temp readings. seems fairly accurate and readings are almost instant. has a nice backlight for dark situations but does not read any temps below -10&#9675;F. 5 out of 5
I have used this temperature gun for years, it works great and is a great price, I highly recommend this gun!
Awesomely fun tool!!!!!!!!!!
This thermometer seems quite accurate, it holds the reading after you release the trigger, which is quite useful in certain situations.  I find myself using it more than I thought I would.
My husband has wanted one of these since he saw Alton Brown using this on Food Network. It's a great product--seems to be accurate. He loves it.
We borrowed one of these from a friend and used it to determine some cooling issues with my car.  So I got my husband one for Christmas and kept it handy.  We had a chimney fire and I used it to monitor the temperature of the woodstove pipe to determine if I needed to call the fire dept. or if it was just going to burn itself out.  Well, by the temperature readings it gave me I determined to call them and they actually used the tool in my house.  We would have lost the house if I hadn't called them.  So 5 Stars on this item!!!
This handy dandy gun has me being the envy of the neighborhood jocks. The heat went out in my condo recently and the building manager and furnace repair expert were both impressed. Super cool gadget!
Great product to measure surface temperature from a distance and very accurate and read temperatures as high 380 degrees for me.
I purchased two of these for a Christmas gift and they were well receivedTemperature is always right on spot
Figured out the right temperature for my coffee and when reheating food and now I never sit down at the table with cold food.  Bought some for my family as stocking stuffers.
I have had many different brands of NC thermometers and Raytek is by far the best. I get them covered in gelcoat while repairing boats so I have to buy a new one every so often. They continue to work,I just cant read the screen. Worth every penny.
We use it for checking room, equipment motor, and cooking temperatures. It's quick, easy and accurate. A friend of mine is a building manager and he has had one for a couple of years and relies on it daily.
I got one of these for Christmas two years ago.  At first it was just a fun toy.  Then I realized out how useful it could be.  I diagnosed a sticking brake caliper by checking the temp of my rotors.  We used it to set the thermostat in the freezer.  I now know my oven is off by about 25.  I know the hot spots on my BBQ.  We check the temp in the hot tub to see if it's warm enough yet. It gets used much more than I thought it would.  BTW.  It's still a fun toy.  Our cat chases the laser everywhere.
Item receive in good condition and works perfectly.It so easy to use, and it is mini size infra-red thermometer.Recommended !
got this as a bday gift for my bro-n-law who is a handy guy!  He seems to really enjoy it so far....he hasnt necessarily used it to measure the temp of tools or equipment often ...yet, but he sure does like to point it at people and see how hot they are running....anyway - very useful little piece of equipment for anyone who needs to measure the temp of motors, equipment and so forth.
I love the Raytek MT4.  It is quite accurate and good for any number of household jobs.  Both my wife and I use it in the kitchen for everything from checking the oven to the refrigerator.  I even use it to check on when I need to clean the fan on my laptop computer.  The grand kids love it too but need to be supervised so that they will not shine the laser bean in each others eyes.  We even took it on a vacation trip to Yellowstone NP where it was a big hit.  We have given one as a Christmas gift to all our family members and all have reported great new uses from checking the wood stove to the heated seats in cars. Buy it and you will wonder how you did without it.
I don't have any real need for one of these, but was curious about my ceiling temps.  Not sure and straight up accuracy, but relative temps seem very consistent.  does just what I needed it to do.
fast / secure shipping, great product!!! would def keep using this product and the brand!! thanks
I purchased this product for use with my reptiles. It's useful to know surface temperatures in certain locations of their enclosures. I haven't rigorously tested its accuracy, but it seems to be close enough for what I use it for.The laser light is convenient to help you know what you're targeting. However, the radius that you are reading is much larger than just the dot. Especially once you get 1 foot or more away from the surface.Extra note: My cat also loves the laser, so it doubles as a cat toy!
I like the small size, it was accurate compared to digital stem thermometer at low temps. Oven checks were right on.  Easy to use.
Has come in handy quite a few times in unexpected ways, like checking cooking oil temperature plus our cat loves chasing the laser!  It's multipurpose!
How can this be the highest rated at 350 ft lbs when the 1/2 drive cordless Milwaukee is rated 450 ft lbs
I bought this after finding out that the SIP wrench I had did not have replaceable bushes, and they were worn out after 14 months. This rendered the wrench scrap. I checked out other wrenches available but none were rebuildable (including the Snapon ones others in my workshop use). I had to bring it in from the US, and use it with a 12v charger (which suits me as I'm a mobile mechanic). This wrench has worked tirelessly for 2 years and given no problems I've had one battery die last week, but was happy to buy another. This tool has really done some work! The wrench has loads of grunt, on a fully charged battery it will undo anything our shop-air wrenches will.
Works with:Milwaukee 48-28-1040 12-by-7/16-Inch Universal Quik-Lok Extensionto make holes even deeper.Milwaukee 48-25-5150 2-9/16-Inch Switchblade Selfeed Bitwhich comes in a few different sizes.Bosch Daredevil NKST16 Auger Bit, 1-Inch by 7-1/2-Inch, 4-Inch useable lengtha more standard auger bit.7/16IN HEX SHANK 1/2IN X3IN PINto change it back to a normal impact wrench.Yea, you can make some seriously deep holes.. through houses, trees, telephone poles, railroad ties.. you name it.It's only 7 amps but don't look at that. Because of the hammer and anvil system this drill has it puts out way more torque and power than any 10amp drill. It is heavier, you can make deeper and wider holes than any other drill I know of.On a normal 10amp drill if the bit gets bound up, the drill will just keep spinning and can literally break your wrist. With this drill the impact is transferred inside the drill to the hammer and anvil. These drills were originally designed to take lug nuts off semi-trucks. Some impacts are used in heavy industry for lug-nuts as big as your fist and can deliver 1,000 ft pounds torque.. but can be held by a person. This drill is actually safer for big-hole applications.Hope that helps.
... I wish it was sturdier, especially where the hinged panels mate up. I found it difficult to get the panels to stay solidly locked in place. When removing an item that accidentally caught on the upper lip of a panel its locking tab sometimes pulled out and that side or divider was now loose.Of course, sturdier would also mean heavier, and that would probably defeat its goal of being light enough to fold up and be removed periodically. I plan on leaving mine in place so that's not something I care much about. For my application a container with thicker panels permanently molded in place would have been ideal.I wish that the manufacturer would offer two versions - a light one that folded up for portability and a heavier, sturdier one for a more permanent installation.I gave this product four stars instead of five because: 1) I believe it could have been made a bit heavier (to lock up more solidly) and still meet its original design goal of being easily portable; 2) it can be easily modified (hot gluing the panel tabs in place) to serve in my application; and 3) I don't feel it's fair to downgrade a product whose primary selling point is a feature that you don't personally need.
Very good product -- got it for my dad for Christmas.  He has a big Buick with lots of trunk space, so the organizer isn't as large as he'd like.  However, it collapses easily and properly functions to keep things from sliding around.  I believe there are included adhesive velcro strips in case you want a stronger anchor.
Bought 2 of these for my 2013 Jeep Grand Cherokee.  It was the only one that was hard sided that would fit in the 41&#34; width and the second one backs right up to the lift gate.  Good fit.  I carry a lot of safety equipment for my job and when I need the space to put groceries and bags of feed in I can just put them right on top without smashing anything.  Good design.
I use it to put food shopping bags in it as the cargo organizer hold them very well without any spill over!!!
Had a 2001 Dodge Grand Caravan that had this &#34;trunk organizer&#34; as an option for $800. Loved it so much that when we bought our latest vehicle we missed this feature. Found this on Amazon for $85. What a deal. Works perfectly. Keeps groceries from falling all over or and other things you desire to carry. Folds and removes in a few seconds if not needed. Much better than the &#34;soft&#34; sided organizers.
I chose this item to use in my son's Subaru Outback to keep travel items from sliding all over which is a distraction. The unit fits well in the aft portion of the cargo area and the velcro tie down straps are definetly needed to hold it in place. Also like the fact that it can be folded flat if not needed.
This fits perfectly in the back of my Toyota Rav4..Perfect for keeping grocery bags and purchases upright..Able to adjust the size of the compartments also..I love it!!!
I have another car with a trunk organizer (from the vehicle manufacturer), and I don't know how I ever lived without it. So, I ordered this one for my Honda Civic because the only thing Honda sells is nets. I much prefer this because it's easy to put bags in. It also folds flat out of the way, which is great for when you need to put suitcases in the trunk. In general, it works quite well. My only minor complaint is that bags tend to catch the edge and cause the edges to collapse.
I purchased the Highland 19800 Space Master to organize the trunk of my 2003 Toyota Corolla that I drive 120 miles to and from work each day.  I carry a lot of extra stuff with me for emergencies such as a battery charger, antifreeze, tool kit, first aid kit, etc.  Previously these things would slide around my trunk, fall over and sometimes spill.  I needed something to keep everything in place.  While the Highland Space Master serves the purpose, and fits well in the trunk, it's not very versatile for the price.  It is separated into three equal compartments with slide-in plastic dividers.  The size of these compartments can not be changed.  For $59.00 ($75 with shipping) it would be nice if they would have added a few extra dividers and some extra slots to slide them in.  This would allow for smaller articles, such as tire sealant, a quart of oil, etc., to stand up without having to be held in place by larger items.
This is a horrible product. It is flimsy and does not stay in place. There are some velcro straps that you are supposed to use to secure it. There really isn't anything to secure it with in my 2010 Town & Country anyway. It broke when I placed it in my van and opened it up. This is going back to the seller. I also realized that even if this thing did not break, it still isn't a good option. It is heavy to take out and you can't remove it with things in it. I'm going to try the Chrysler minivan tote, which I think will be a much better solution. I fold the seats a lot in my van. Having to remove all my stuff from the van just to fold the seats down would be silly. I think a tote makes more sense if you fold your seats down a lot. You can just pick up the tote, fold the seats down and place the totle back on the flat surface. I wish I had thought of this earlier.
I purchase this for my fathers Nissan Rogue, he is very happy with it, uses it for keeping groceries from sliding around the back of the car. Folds down flat to about three inches for removal and is lightweight, however if one is rough on it or abusive I think the plastic parts could break. I would recommend it to others.
I bought one of these for my car and loved it so much, I bought one for hubby's car, too. Perfect for loading groceries in the trunk, and it folds flat in a nanosecond. Money well spent.
I bought this for the back of my 2014 Honda CR-V - it fits pretty much perfectly across, and when it's pushed as far back as it will go, there's still extra space for things to go in front of the organizer.  I've got rolls of paper towels, a jug of washer fluid, and a bunch of other things stashed back there, and there's still a lot more room left.  So far, I haven't noticed it sliding around at all, either.I was happy that this was a tool-free assembly (though definitely heed the directions and put it flat in your car before you start setting it up---you can assemble it in the house, but it makes for an awkward endeavor to get it into the car afterward).I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this!
I received the first vehicle cargo organizer crushed on the corner and Amazon sent a replacement with no hassle. Unfortunately, the second organizer was cracked and partially crushed in another corner. I think a combination of cheap plastic, poor packaging, and a careless shipping company was enough reason for Amazon to reimburse my money without any hassle. Too bad because it would have been a nice product to have in the trunk of my car to organize packages in a rigid organizer rather than those soft organizers without any structure to support packages.
Very useful. I have a tonneau on my truck and before this could not load small items because they would move out of reach.
I have a 2014 Tacoma.  It fits the bed but moves around too much.  It's not sturdy.  The bottom part of the gate does not grip on to the bed.  It still moves around.
Described to fit a Ranger but was close enough to fit my Nissan. I will replace the rubber feet so it cannot tilt as it is only held in place at the top. A wider board at the bottom will make it more sturdy and it will fit in the bed better.I saw one at the store before I ordered this one. It will do what is required on lighter items like keeping the groceries at the back of the truck.
Had to remove rubber mat and plastic bed liner for it to fit because of Lid on truck. Works great for keeping things seperated in bed.
Not impressed. Although it was stated to fit my 2013 frontier I had to drill a couple of extra adjustment holes.But it still does not sit evenly in the bed and the ratchet used to tighten it to the sides springs open on its own every once in a while.The picture of the device is misleading if used to brace between the side rails the device does not touch the bottom the bed making it flimsy at best and I would not trust it to hold anything heavier than a couple of grocery bags.Although the concept is great, I do not recommend this product.
The picture of the product looks much better than what it really is. When I got it, the quality is not what I expected and it does not fit my truck, so I return it.
First one came damaged and no questions asked they shipped me a new one advanced replacement.  This was a gift for my dad and the second one came within a few days after christmas during the busy return season.
We purchased numerous Loading Zone Cargo Gates. They have a limited lifetime warranty. We do not have a warranty issue, I am glad because they do not return e-mails or phone messages. If you buy one, be aware you will not be able to get parts. It is a shame because they make a good gate. Buyer beware is all we will say.
If you use your bed for groceries, this is a must have! I keep mine near the tail gate and I can put  groceries in without having to worry about them sliding everywhere. Thumbs up!
Use it under a tonneau cover to keep items from sliding forward and needing to open cover to retrieve items. For the money this is a good value. It's medium duty and not suitable for heavy items. Easy to fit, remove and secure. Attractive and looks good in an open bed. Easy to hang bungies and rope.
Easy to install!  Includes everything you need. Mounted these directly to my bumper underside  to use as fog lights. Took about 1.5 hours to install.
They're fairly bright, but for the money I would have been better off buying Rigid LED lights.
Mounted two sets of these on the front of my H3 roof rack and brings the daylight to night time trail riding.
I had to replace a previous pair that lost to a deer. I love the lamp quick connections that make replacement easy.
I don't have any experience for comparison, but I am VERY happy with these.  They were surprisingly easy to install (even the wiring aspect was easy).  They make my brand new Sylvania Silverstar headlights look weak--very bright and very white light.These are FOG lights, NOT DRIVING lights, so the pattern is very different.  These have a very low and wide pattern, which is what you want in a fog light.  I do some night time canyon driving, and these things light up the corners for me perfectly.
Easy to install. Very bright at night. Great flood light effect with the ultra bright white light. I would recomend this if you are looking for a great set of lights.
I install this lights as additional fog lights for my Subaru Legacy 2012.The end result was great, Xtreme White! indeed!... I am happy with the brightness of the fog lights.The kit is a very high quality, real metal casing and real glass, do not sell short by going with cheap brands!Yes.. they are expensive - but you won't regret it!
So I needed some additional headlight power because the standard headlights on my truck suck. This was a little more than what I wanted to pay but I found it to be well worth the money so far. I have only had them for a few days now. They have done wonders to helping me drive at night. These are not fog lights incase people are wondering. The mounting was kinda a pain for me because I wanted it in a tight spot. The wiring was very simple to take care of. I will be posting pictures(night and day) soon. So overall I do think they are worth it. If you are just looking for something that adds  additional flair to the front of the car then find something a little cheaper in my opinion. However, if you are looking for something to light up the back roads that don't have any light at all, then I would recommend picking these up.....
Mounted two of these on the rear of my H3 roof rack and makes it perfect for unhooking the travel trailer for those late night pull-in's
Typical of Piaa -- world famous for quality -- super bright, must be linked electronically only to work with bright lights, all wiring needed, easy to install, make sure you understand this light model is available for either driving lights or fog lights -- look closely at the model number before you order.  Remember too, for best distance of the bright light, mount these high -- horizontal with your bright lights or higher.  Do not mount them directly on plastic bumpers -- they may begin to melt.  Find mounting bolts already on your car -- lift your hood and design and fabricate a metal bracket.  If you only have a small single bolt (such as a 10mm), add larger washers to add structural support.  Mounting on plastic (with super strong "permanent" 3M foam tape) will not suffice.  This light model is quite small and can be easily mounted anywhere, but DO NOT mount them directly under plastic (e.g., in your grill) because the units get very hot.  Also, remember to them turn off and let them cool down before you enter a car/truck wash.  The cool water is such an extreme difference in temperature, the glass lens may crack.  Summary:  Fantastic product -- expensive, yes, but you get what you pay for!  JHM
I have never been disappointed with Piaa products.  Bought lights for cycles and now for motorhome.  My rv dealer says they are quality and are extremely powerful.  I'm not surprised!  Only comment not quite great is the interior switch could be a bit more substantial.  The wiring is quality, and install a dream.  They also look fantastic, not cheap looking like some. I recommend Piaa!
Fit great in my 2001 Silverado. Lights up the world at night. Makes my drive to work much safer with the many deer we have in this area. Met all my expectations!!
I was looking for a set of reasonably priced driving lights to supplement my fairly pathetic stock 98 Ram pickup headlamps.  I ordered these to fit that need. The Amazon price was well below the local parts stores and the lamps included everything needed to install them.  The instructions could have been improved on, but overall the lamps are great. I did have to remove the pins from the connectors to get them through the firewall. Found plenty of sources on the web to tell you how to do that.
I have bought these PIAA's 2192 for my 1993 Toyota Soarer (JDM). They are very narrow and fits perfectly in the 4 inch space in the bumper and realy lights the road up well. All PIAA lights or bulbs works te best. If you gonna put driving lights on you car or truck, dont mess around with other brands. PIAA have bulbs even for motorcycles with low watt out put, like my 2002 KLR 650.
I ordered the PIAA lamp lock kits from Amazon in mid-July.  They were supposedly in stock, but by early August, I was told that they would not ship until October.  I decided that $600 worth of PIAA lights were too tempting to be stolen before then, so I found another distributor who had plenty in stock for $29.99/set.The locks themselves are great products.  They are hardened tapered round metal that completely cover the nut making it difficult to remove without the tool - there is nothing to grip on the lock nut and it is too hard for a pair of pliers to grab (particulaly if you can't get pliers to the nut).  If you have lug nut locks on your alloy wheels, the same special key technique is used to put these locking nuts on and off.  I found it was a challenge to do so with the Warn light bar on the front of my Hummer, due to the tight working area and a hole too small to fit a socket through, but a set of metric crows-feet to tighten the key worked well.
I used this on my PIAA 410 that is mounted on a grill guard. I installed it as per the instructions and realized the bracket is now very well protected from the bracket nut being loosened BUT there is nothing protecting the light casing from being separated from the bracket by using a simple allen key or socket.I feel this does nothing to protect the light from being stolen but your bracket will be protected.
These locks "seem" like a great idea.  They are installed over your existing mounting bolt with a hardened conical device that is difficult to grab with vice grips and comes with a key.  Great idea right!?  The problem is...PIAA lights are attached to a bracket by a small bolt which is easily accessible by anyone.  These locks will lock your mounting bracket down great...and it may keep the honest thieves away.  All is takes is to remove the small bolt between the light and the bracket and your lights are stolen.  The thieves may not get your mounting bracket though...but PIAA probably sells replacements for a couple bucks however.  I purchased these locks, so I went ahead and installed them.  It gives me a piece of mind against the honest thieves...otherwise, don't waste your money.  I will replace the standard small bolt that attaches the lights to the mounting bracket with some sort of "security" bolt or torx bolt.  Not guaranteed protection, but more piece of mind to protect my $260 investment.
Good looking product, but not bright enough. The cover should has screw to fix it. Current design is easy to be stolen.
The fog lights work great. I used several times in low visibility on Mt Rainier. These were money well spent. Seller is fast at shipping. Thanbk you.
wonderful for seeing the road at night even through the thickest fog or dust. I am so glad I got these
Lights were awesome, Problem is, Toyota put in a harness, that can be adapted to, with the purchase of additional harnesses and switches, but this only works for high-beam operations,as I found out after installing all of it. See there is no way to make your fog lights work on dim unless you alter your fuse box, OEM wiring ext....,(my fj has less than 500 miles on it, not an option, warranty ext...).Or, put in the auxiliary relay these lights come with, this will make them work whenever they are switched on, either way is not as good as if Toyota would have made provisions for for lights in the first place IMO.
I've got four of these on my Tahoe, two fog lights and two driving lights.  The PIAAs have a yellow color to the light they put out.  They definitely use a lot of power.  You can hear the enigine bog down a little from the alternator when I turn on all four lights. They work very well. I can see 3 or 4 times farther than I can with only the stock headlights on.
these lights are a breeze to install, just need to buy the mounts with it. comes with a button that can be installed through the boot by the steering wheel, so you can turn them on and off with the click of a button. they light up the road for miles and I am very happy with their look. have gotten many compliments on them and wouldn't recommend any others than these
Wonderful appearance and projection. You get different color hues depending on your perspective. Great build quality. Install was straight forward.
Love the way these light up the road, and the ease of installing. They enhance any truck..in my case first my F250 that I use for towing our 5th Wheel, and my F150 that's my daily driving vehicle.
Very bright and great pattern. Install was easy and quick. It would have been nice if the wires coming on the light was longer.
Can anyone that has purchased these piaa's please give me the correct dimensions.The dimensions mentioned on the site say they are 1"x1"x1"????
I just put these on last weekend. My initial impression is that they are awesome. The ion crystal light has both a yellow and blue hue which looks really cool. I expect that it will work well in fog, rain and snow. Additionally, these lights are bright. Much brighter than i expected. These are replacing some KC lights that used the same bulbs, but were not near as bright. The PIAA reflector accounts for the brighter lights. I highly recommend these lights. My only regret is that I didn't buy these in the first place. PIAA has never let me down.Review Update: I've been using the lights for a year now and still love them. Every time I walk up to my Hummer I think how cool these lights look! I've also had the opportunity to use them in heavy fog, extremely heavy rain and driving through a white-out. These lights outperform every other fog light I've ever had (and I've had many). They really light up the road even in the worst of driving conditions!
I get sooooo many compliments about these lights, they look very, very nice on my 2009 xterra. I mounted them on the Westin Bull Bar set.
i recently got a pair of these, since they are the only ones that fit a kit for the Subaru Impreza STI. the HElla's are 1/8" to thick... but i'm glad i went with these. somehow the round lens emits a thin rectangular beam, which doesn't blind uncoming cars.  the beam kind of looks powedery and cool.  it works well in the fog and rain, and i would recommend this set over the Hella 5x7's. They are a bit pricey, but worth it. they are metal casing with a glass cover, but the kit could come with the old school white covers with white lettering (for us Rally fans).Also they are 85Watts, which do put out a nice beam.
Such an easy install. Complete install, harness wire tied and lamps adjusted took about and hour and half on my 07 Tacoma. These lights go perfect with my 8K HID's. Was about to go with KC's  but chose PIAA. Glad I did.
I already had fog lamps, wanted driving lamps....ordered the fog style by mistake, they were very nice in handling my mistake....great customer service....highly recommended
Very happy so far. Not as bright as my hids but they arent supposed to be. They have a great fog pattern with a nice wide flat cutoff and i like the color they put out. They use the fluted glass lens design which im partial too. I think this performs way better than freeform reflectors. These light better than other halogens ive used. Will put them to the test this fall/winter in fog snow storms and rain. Hope they stand up to my expectations...
These high quality fogs work great and the kit had everything I needed for installation; I highly recommend them.  I mounted them directly to my '02 Jeep Wrangler TJ bumper.
First off i HAD to have these lights when i got my Jeep. Classic tried and true. They installed easily, wiring and relay were good, switch was just ok. They work great and put out lots of light. However, for a few dollars more the LEDs out there (Rigid) will outperform these and you can get clear with snap on yellow covers. Best of both worlds and so much less power draw and considerably smaller footprint with LEDs.I should have researched more before getting these. The technology is outdated given the advances in the LED world. Going to put Rigid D2 on the windshield pillar and already put a Tuff LED on the rear of the jeep for backup lighting. Do your research before buying
Covercraft makes some great covers. The material is dense and soft. This fit my Miata perfectly.
better than i expected for the price, fit is good, and the cover material is excellent, i would reccomend this cover to anyone
The cover started ripping after only four months. The product description claims a four year warranty. But the order link does not allow for a return or exchange.
Article carefully made and wonderful shape wrapped and priced reasonably well &#1605;&#1575;&#1583;&#1577; &#1605;&#1589;&#1606;&#1608;&#1593;&#1577; &#1576;&#1593;&#1606;&#1575;&#1610;&#1577; &#1608; &#1588;&#1603;&#1604;&#1607;&#1575; &#1585;&#1575;&#1574;&#1593; &#1605;&#1594;&#1604;&#1601;&#1577; &#1580;&#1610;&#1583;&#1575; &#1608;&#1587;&#1593;&#1585;&#1607;&#1575; &#1605;&#1593;&#1602;&#1608;&#1604;Good and as described &#1580;&#1610;&#1583;&#1577; &#1608; &#1603;&#1605;&#1575; &#1608;&#1589;&#1601;&#1578;
I now know what a "semi custom fit" is.  It means it doesn't.  It means something close enough is rolled into a box and shipped.  A storage bag is not included, nor is the promised antenna grommet.  This cover is supposed to fit a Jaguar X-Type, but it's sized for something closer to a CAT.  On the plus side, I do not have to purchase a motorcycle cover as it will fit under there too.
Very nice fit and good quality. Nice and thick. Cool wolfs head at the front.  Ample size. Could use a grommet for the antenna
This cover is highly recommended!! It covers my 1978 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 Perfectly!! It is also perfect for when it rains, The water just beads right off of it! I will be keeping it water proofed with some proofing spray just to keep it lasting for years to come!! They also would make a great gift for the upcoming holidays or even a birthday!!! Show your loved one that you care about him and his classic car!! If you can keep it in the garage? If you dont have a garage, Like me? This is the perfect gift!!! Thank you AMAZON.COM!!
I do not have covered parking. I've bought the 'Covercraft Ready-Fit Deluxe 380' two years in a row. Both times, they began to rip in about 10-12mnths. I now have the 'Covercraft Ready-Fit Technalon Long Series'. It's much more sturdy, durable and with thicker protecting. I recommend spending the extra few dollars and go with the 'Technolan' instead of the 'Deluxe'.
The Best car cover available.  I've owned Covercraft car covers since the 1980s and haven't purchased anything else.  Best quality car cover.  Extremely weather barrier.  Will continue to purchase Covercraft car covers.
This a great cover - multi-layered to prevent dust and dirt from settling. Not waterproof but water repellant.I ordered this to fit a 1971 Torino Cobra. After selecting the proper screens to determine which of their many covers would be the appropriate one to fit my car, this is the one that came up. So I placed my order. When I received the box, it very clearly stated "this cover will fit a car 16 feet long." My Torino measures 16 1/2 feet long. Truthfully, it was probably about a full foot short. The elastic bottom edge is intended to make for a snug fit but after multple tries and with another person helping, we finally gave up. Decided to try it on my 1953 Ford Customline instead, which is a much taller car, narrower and shorter than the Torino. The cover fit the 53 like a glove. So the 53 has a new cover - much better one than it had originally. And the Torino will hvae to wait until I can afford to order another. Next time I will measure better and not use the multiple screen choices as a final determination. Oh, the original cost for this cover was about $300. I paid $154 on sale. If I had paid full price, it would have been sent back even after the atenna hole was punched.
I searched for a medium priced car cover the would be useful for outdoor use.  I picked this cover based on this feature, "Soft, breathable fabric that evaporates moisture and condensation easily as well as reduces heat."  I used it for 6 months in Florida.  When I removed the cover the interior of the car was a moldy stinking mildewed disaster.  This cover ruined the car.  Do not use this cover for outdoor storage!
After bouncing back and forth for a few days on car covers, between brands and custom fit I decided to go with the Covercraft Ready-Fit Technalon series car cover. I purchased it because I was going out of the country for several months and wanted something that would stand up to the harsh weather in colorado and keep my audi in good shape for my return. I have been gove for a few months now and I have the car started up ever 2 weeks to let it run. From the guy who takes care of this business for me he reports the car cover is still ike new, and there are no new scratches and car looks like the day it went under. This is exactly what I wanted and couldn't be happier. I will update my review after another 3 months to inform how everyone how it is holding up.
This Covercraft cover with the Technalon Kimberly Clark Evolution 4 fabric is an excellent OUTDOOR cover.  If you want to protect your car from UV, rain/snow or bird droppings this is the one.  Don't forget a cover that protects from the element is only half the battle...this cover also is very friendly to the paint surface beneath! You can step to the NOAH fabric but it is significantly higher.  This is the best cover for the money...if you want quality that is!!!
Great product. The description stated  when ordering is correct. The item protects my car from therain and heat. The product does what is stated.
This is a high-quality car cover.  It fit a large car perfectly.  It did require a rope underneath to keep it from blowing off in the wind.  The grommets that held the rope are very well made.  The cover protected the car from the sun and dried quickly after it rained.
I could have fit both of my Lincoln's under this cover.  I ended up going to Pep Boys and found one that fits perfectly.
Poorly made very fragile if not opened very carefully does not work & has to be reset.  Inexpensive but you get what you pay for.
I see what it does and it does work as long as the cigarette is sitting in the ash tray.  It really didn't help at all.  I was a little disappointed.  I was hoping for more but I understand that it is just an ashtray.  It was worth a shot.
This is not as a good a product as I had anticipated.  My Mom smokes in the house and I can still smell it and breath it in....was hoping this would alleviate a lot more of the second hand smoke I'm taking in.
We have owned these ashtrays in the past and have always been satisfied. The only thing with this one is that it's battery operated. I didn't look close enough at the ad. But it still works good!
I would recommend this product for indoor or outdoor use.  Very lightweight, but sturdy product.  Works great to keep the smoke contained.
This one is exactly like the Pollenex one I had - just a different brand name now.  Nice to have it again.
I recently purchased the smoke grabber ashtray & am not at all happy with it..It doesn't grab all the smoke & it comes drifting out the sides..I was going to return it but found out it cost as much to return as it did to purchase it ...I'm stuck with it now..Don't buy it people unless you're going to keep it..
I love it. It keeps down the smoke smell in the house and being considerate of others in household who don't smoke.
I have tried many different ashtrays that claim to draw smoke out of the house but, they just don't have the power to do as claimed. This one does. I am trying to quit smoking but, as of yet have only cut down a whole lot. In the winter it is going to be hard to go out in the cold to smoke and I don't want my house to smell again. This is going to help alot. I have smoked one cig. using this in the house and the family never knew I smoked one. lolol Not a laughing matter but, atleast my house can not tell everyone if I do smoke one. Finally.
Works fine....when it works. I've been through two of these now in just the last month, and they both pooped out within just a few days. Save your money.
I have owned several of these smokeless ashtrays and they are fairly good for getting rid of the smoke.  However, these things always end up making the worst noise that you could imagine!  In time, the plastic fan blade drops down, until it hits the bottom (inside of the ashtray).  It ends up being a bit like someone running their nails across a chalkboard!  Other times, the fan blade is simply warped upon purchase.  Either way you are going to get a horrible noise that you can not stand to hear!  Not worth buying, save your money.
It works great, but if you are a smoker, you will probably have to replace every year or so.  For some reason the batteries stop working after a while.  Even without the batteries, it is a good ashtray as you can put down the top when you are not using it
This worked great for a few weeks, then just after it was too late to return it, It Quit...... It's bulky and requires D size batteries, which if you use it a couple hours a day isn't bad, but a couple of full days in the office and you'll be needing new batteries.
I had purchased one of these several years ago ,however thru moving,I miss placed it. I was thrilled to find this exact product on AMAZON, and thought WOW!!!I purchased two.
I wish it would run on electricity and not batteries. It can get expensive using batteries. They only last about a week.
Never worked...Still looking for another smokeless ashtray, while I try to quit. Leaning toward electronic cigarettes or similar to keep as much 2nd hand smoke out of t he house as possible
I have owned this for about 3 weeks - it works well but you have to keep the filters clean and they are expensive (around $8.00 for two filters) So I got vent filters at Lowes (they are very thin and white-the brand is WEB Vent Filters) They cost about 4.00 dollars I cut them into small squares using the original filters that came with the unit as a templete and they work perfectly ! You can cut 12 small squares per sheet and there are 12 sheets in the package.So you can see this is a rather inexpensive replacement. I love it when a plan comes together !!UPDATE: Ok I got sick of always having to buy battery's. I found a plug in from one of my many bluetooth adapter plug in's that I no longer use, I cut off the end and seperated the wires so there were two ends..then cut off the wires inside the unit and attached them to the adapter. Yay Me. It works great ! I see that some said this is noisy-- use a little WD-40 under the unit and it is as quiet as a mouse. Hope this helps. ; )
Do not buy this product.  It's a piece of junk.  I'm so thoroughly disappointed, I believe the high rated reviews are from PR campaigns for this product.  It's completely useless.Btw, this is my first review ever.  I felt so ripped-off by this product that I had to respond.I NEVER got it working.  It's a tinker toy wrapped up in a pretty box.  The instructions are a joke.  This whole product is a joke.DO NOT BUY IT.
worked only for a few months, batteries must be changed like every 2 weeks!  This is the second one we've bought!  Not a good product at all-
This is great item! I ordered one for me and my husband(two).It keeps us from having to go outside in the cold to smoke.Keeps smoke smell out of the air and the smoke out of the air.Easy to empty.I love them.Well worth the money.
Purchased this for my husband to sit on his desk well it is bigger that what we thought and it did not suck up the smoke like it should have
The smoke grabber doesn't really grab that much smoke. I try to hold my cigarette as close to the catcher as possible but it still drifts out. It's not very powerful and the fact that it takes two D batteries that run at approx 6$ for 2, it's not very cost efficient. I wasn't expecting miracles but I at least thought it would pull the smoke harder. Wish I could plug it in.
Excellent purchase
but you can buy it at walmart for $9.99 with no s&h fees either.. :\
This product worked really well for the first few days and then the fan became very loud.  I threw it away.  If you can stand the noise of it, then it is fine.
This  product is very bad it dosn't work good, after few use it makes noise . dosn't worse the money that u spend.
very small and compact I really like it. I use it everywhere I go and it helps my surroundings at home
It is bigger and better than it looks in the pic. Grab smoke, well built, it can fit lots of cig butts and easy to empty them. It has fan noise, but it isn't that bad. It needs two "D" batteries. Overall, It looks and works better than I expected.
I ENJOY THIS, AS I AM A SMOKER, AND TEND TO WALK AWAY FROM A LIT ONE AND PUTZ AROUND.  WORKS WELL.
2 weeks after I purchased this item, it quit working.The company send me the wrong filters for my item so that was a waste of $6.00 as well.
The thing I like about this particular smokeless ashtray is that it allows you to close the lid which helps prevent even more smoke from entering the room.
Very handy - I've had one before.  This time I placed a folded up piece of aluminum foil is the inner tray to prevent it from being damaged and to keep it cleaner.  Works great!
I am disappointed that it quit working in the first week. I was replacing the same one that I'd had for years and only replaced it because the lid was damaged.
I have used this item for many years as I smoke in my house. I have always like it. I have used other brands and always come back to the &#34;smoke grabber&#34;. Thank you.
iT BEGAN TO GET NOISY AND I THOUGT IT WAS JUNK.  I BLEW OUT THE INSIDE  WITH CRC DUSTER AND THEN LUBRICATED THE MOTOR WITH CRC 2-26 LUBRICANT.  AFTER THAT THE NOISE WENT AWAY AND IT WORKED MUCH BETTER.
filters the smoke ok but doesn't filter the odor. the tray is easy to remove to empty, but it is rather noisy. there has to be a better one out there somewhere.
The product works as described.  Keeps some of the smoke smell from the house.  We used it with a air purifier also.
Good Luck trying to find one.  The only one that ran on AC, was from a place i would never deal with again.  They didn't stand behind their product.  I had to keep sending it back and never did work for longer than a week or two.  So this just might be your best bet, and definaly a lot cheaper.
At least I didn't waste too much money. But this product is lacking. To begin with, it absolutely eats batteries. It requires 2 D batteries, which needed to be replaced after the first 10 days. You have to keep the cigarette directly under the lid for it to absorb the smoke otherwise it just floats past the fan. The lid will not stay in place, which is what activates the fan and there are times the fan has not even worked until I put something heavy on the tray to hold it down. Don't waste your money on this thing.
good product.  Love the lid that closes and keeps out nasty pollutants from area.  I use it wherever I am, even the car.
I bought this for an unusual reason. I use a mineral make-up and it was floating around and covering everything (and I was probably breathing a good bit of it in, too)... I wanted something that would suck up the make-up particles.  I put it right by my make-up mirror, I even place my make-up brush in there when I'm done using it... the lid closes enough to allow the motor to shut off.  I've not had this product long.  I can't speak to how long the battery is going to last or how long the product will function, but so far it's great!
I like to smoke cigars occasionally but being a woman, I hate the masculine smell that permeates my home for days from them.  So I bought this product, and I must say, it works really well.  Only a faint trace of the cigar smell is left behind.Caveats:-My smoking is very occasional and the place I smoke is set up so that it's easy to blow the smoke directly into the unit.- The unit fan is located in it's base, which has openings on the sides large enough for a small finger to slip into.  The first thing I did after turning it on was to pick it up and promptly got either a good shock or the tip of my finger beaten by a fan blade - I'm not sure which and I'm to skittish to check.  The openings should be covered by mesh IMO - in the meantime, be careful about picking it up while it's running and don't let little kids around it.- The way the tray fits in is kind of fussy.  Even though I tried it out before I used it, after I was finished and went to empty it, the tray popped out and flung ashes around.  I must've got it in  wrong the second time.- The unit would not close with the cigar butt in it.  And if you smoke a cigar larger than a 48, you'd have to be really careful about balancing it in the tray.But as I say, it DOES for me, fullfill it's primary function well.
If I could give this negative stars I would. This ashtray is not a smoke catcher or anything else. As far as I can tell it's a plastic ashtray with a fan that does nothing to &#34;grab&#34; smoke. It's a waste of money and you have to buy 2 D batteries to find that out. I'm sending this POS back immediately.
As an ashtray it works fine as smokeless ashtray not even close, this product is a complete waste of money.
Purchased two in the past 18 months. Wear out easily and not very effective.
Yes it was cheap, but wanted to try a product of this kind. The batteries were enough to turn the fan but no way did any smoke go into the filter. Horrible.
This product was garbage, and a waste of money, It did not work at all, once I got the batteries in the smoke was not going into the filter it was going out on the sides.  That was my point on buying this product was to keep the smoke from going into the air.  I almost wanted to stop smoking, but my nervous was bad because of this product not working correctly.  But seriously save you money.
Holmes Hap-75 Smoke Grabber Astray was given as a gift for Christmas. It should do the job it was made for. the person it was given to tells me he like it.
This ashtray does an excellent job of grabbing and eliminating the smoke from a cigarette while it is resting in the ashtray.  It does not intercept, reduce or eliminate the smoke you exhale out into the room.  If you smoke in the house, and you exhale, you will still smell smoke.  Just not as much smoke.Contrary to some other reviews here, the fan on mine is very quiet.I'm very satisfied with it, and would purchase again.
I bought one of these thinking to spare my housemates, but immediately noticed it had several deficiencies.As originally designed, the unit is meant to draw smoke through the filter located inside the lid and expel the filtered air via vents in the base. However, in practice the design includes numerous leaks at the back of the tray, around the hinge of the lid. There's some foam rubber inside the base that's supposed to seal the leaks, but it doesn't work. I suspect that many of the people who have praised this unit's effectiveness were in fact seeing smoke being drawn directly into the fan compartment through the leaks, bypassing the filter entirely.The unit's effectiveness is also limited by the use of a cheap 3-volt motor that spins a noisy and inefficient impeller. Additionally, many users have reported problems with the spring-metal contacts that serve as an on-off switch: they're exposed to smoke and quickly get fouled.The good news is that I specialize in kludges. I cut a hole in the lid and installed a 12-volt computer-cooling fan directly behind the filter, after blocking the intended air channel with a bit of acrylic plastic and epoxy. I ran the leads for the fan through a hole in the base, installed a simple on-off slide switch, and powered the thing with an old 120VAC/12VDC adapter that once belonged to something else. The result is a smokeless ashtray that makes little noise, doesn't eat batteries, and actually works. Okay, the exposed fan on the lid makes it look like Doc Brown built it on his day off, but I like that.
Only reason I gave a 4 star instead of a 5 is it tends to get really loud after awhile using.
to noisy, doesn't work good at all. has no suction power. batteries go dead quick.could be made a lot lighter.
Works pertty good, not to loud, does take the smoke out but you have to stay fairly close to it.
this ashtray does NOT work unless you leave the cigarettes in it the whole time & then it still doesn't work the way you were led to believe it did, total waste of money
Great! I end up having to get several others for my friends also? It's my favorite gift to give everyone
Its ok. Thats the best review I can give it. It sort of works...but just seems to blow the smoke right through the side of the bottom of the device. It doesn't seem to eliminate smoke or odor.
After one month of use, it stopped working.  Changed batteries but still didn't work.  During use, I had to put a sticky tape to hold it down, otherwise it would not make contact to trigger the fan.Absolutely a dysfunctional item.
Previous reviews mentioning an AC adapter are outdated; perhaps the seller used to ship the HAP76 model, which does include an adapter.  The HAP75 being sold now doesn't.  Other than that, the unit performs better than expected.  I don't find it particularly noisy and there's no smoke or smoke odor that I can detect coming out the exhaust slots.  I think this unit is worthwhile to minimize nictone build up and odor on furnishings, and I may buy another one.
I think I already did a review but will add.  For my purpose which is occasional smoking in the house it works great.  I have added a few steps to keep smoking smell at -0-.  When I smoke I use a small glass coaster that I remove and wash so the actual ashtray is not scarred keeping it looking new.  After the first few uses I noticed that when I opened it had that stale smoke smell even with not using the ashtray itself, so I had a cat-food lid (plastic) and put baking soda in the lid and when not in use the baking soda takes care of any residual smell.  So far it it working perfectly.  As said I ususally do not smoke in the house so these extra steps to keep it really "clean" smelling are no big deal and worth the extra effort.
It worked for a couple of weeks, had to change batteries 3 times and filters 3 times, (which cost almost as much as the ashtray), but then it died completely.
In a nutshell, you can cross this one off the list if the following issues are things that will bother you:*It is extremely noisy.*The tray is very shallow - I had trouble with tumbling cigs and ashes. Also, unless you empty it after two or three cigs, it is over-full, so that when you extract the tray to empty it, butts and ashes leak into the workings underneath.*The lid, which hovers over the tray, is in the way. I kept hitting it with my hand or the cig.In short, this ashtray is poorly designed and loud. I threw it away.
I did not like this product.  The base is not DEEP enough.  I burned a rug two times.
great product for non-smokers in the family...helpsto keep the air fresh around the smokers leaving the smoke inside the ashtray where it belongs..
cannot open the lid as far as shownthe fan does not work as expecteda plug-in version may work better
Does a great job of eliminating smoke and smell but product wears out quickly.  I've been through 4 of these, the last time I ordered two at one time so I would have a back up and both stopped working in less than one month.  After seeing the benefit of owning one, I was very dissapointed but have just ordered another brand to see if it works and LASTS any longer.
It the worst product we have bought on Amazon. We do not even use it. It is loud and it does not work.
After using for a couple weeks, the motor went out. Now I have oversized ashtray in the house with no purpose.
I originally started out with 2 of these on Nov. 1st. Since then I have had to replace both of them. One makes so much noise you can hear it in the next room. The other one requires you to reinstall the batteries every time you open it in order for it to work. The sad thing is, when they work they really work well. I can not find this item on the Holmes website which leads me to believe it may not be their product, only something they are lending their name to. That is a shame because my past experience with Holmes products has been very good. Good product if you don't mind replacing the unit on a regular basis.
This is a pain in the neck to use. When you open it to 90 degrees to remove the tray, it pops ashes and butts everywhere. You can't open the lid with one hand. It now rests in the garbage. Bad purchase.
I am not a smoker but my husband is so it drives me crazy to smell smoke all over. The first time he used it on the porch, I noticed the difference. This is really great!
This ashtray greatly reduces the amount of smoke in the room. My wife and I share it. Keeps the smoke film off our hands too!
Works until you have to replace battery.  Then no matter what you do, it will not work and the batteries are good.
I bought 2 of these, loved them, and bought 4 more.  What a mistake.  After a while, either the motor will get noisy, the tray will warp, the filter cover will warp and fall off, or it will just stop working.  I'm very disappointed.
I ordered two of the the smokeless astrays to save money on shipping but will save nothing because both products are now inoperable.  Will have to return to the manufacturer and pay $5 each product for shipping handling, and hopefully get two replacements products.  I have used these Holmes ashtrays for years and never had a problem with them when I ordered them directly from Holmes. Don't know what to think at this point. What are the chances of ordering two same products and both are faulty items when they were supposedly new products.
Easy to use. Works fairly well at filtering most of the smoke when the cigarette is in the ashtray. I like that you can close the lid when done so the old cigarette smell mostly dissipates. Better suited for the occasional or visiting smoker than a habitual smoker.
It doing the job that I want it to do, But i think I will be looking for something else also.  I really do not have any complaint about this product. But I will be looking at your other product.
Worked fairly well, a bit noisy, had to replace the batteries after two weeks, and it stopped working a month after purchase.  Cigarettes tend to stick to the top too.
This ashtray works as described. The d cell batteries last along time and the air pulling power is better than other units I have tried. So far So good
Holmes makes great products and this is one of them and price is worth it and price is great! I order two this time and it does a great job for a smoke grabber ashtray. If you need one, I suggest this is the one to purchase.You can not go wrong on this.
I don't think I'm turning it on correctly.  Sometimes it works but most of the time no.  I am going to show it to a guy and see if he can figure out what's going on with it.  Not pleased I am afraid  to say and for $16+..............  :(
Really is great helps eliminate alot of smoke.  Seems a little noise the fan, haven't used the second one I purchased, yet.  Anyway it really is nice to have around instead of smoke drifting.
Purchased this for a friends birthday gift...lol. He's a guy, it's a guy thing (his request)...lol. However, not long afterwards I got a demonstration. The unit is not overly sized, or bulky. When turning on the motor has a soft sound. As for the smoke it's a mighty little vacuum. I'm getting one for every smoker I know.
I have been using these ashtrays for a long time. It keeps my room from stinking, you never smell cigarettes
This does not come with a AC adapter as some people say. Unless you are a Energizer stock holder don't buy,it runs on two D cell batteries instead of the cheaper AA's. My AC blows more smoke out of it than the wee motor can suck. It take two hands to open the lid as the unit is to light. They only give you one filter!
This ashtray lets me smoke in my home without the awful lingering smell associated with smoking.  I highly recommend it.
it is not the type of product that works well wit rechargeable batteries, they wear out faster than regular batteries.  As always it arrived in perfect condition and on time...
I (husband) don't smoke. My wife does. We've tried several other models and were really impressed with this model. Other units have an on and off switch. My wife always walks away and leaves it on. So I'm always replacing batteries. With THIS model; she opens the ashtray top, she smokes then closes the lid. It turns off! The unit operates well and is VERY quite. Highly recommend!
Best to use the AC plug as opposed to batteries, unless you enjoy changing batteries often (batteries are beneath the tray and it gets pretty nasty under there).  It does work better than any other smokeless ashtray I've tried, but it's still too noisy for my liking.  Could be there isn't really any way to get it quieter as well as the vacuum does suck up the smoke quite well.
It's awful, blows the smoke throughout the house, and not keep it contained in that smoke grabber ashtray.  It's not grabbin' smoke that's for sure.
This is a horrible product, the fan is too loud, it doesn't  keep smoke out of the air, its difficult to clean and it stopped working after only 2 weeks.  Changed batteries and it still did not work.
it don't work as the box manual said loud and anyoing .will not recommend it to some one  whio want quietness and suckion and smoke to grab. I gave it 1 star for the time I got it through the mail. not  like snal mail.
I thought that this would help with the smoke from my husband smoking.  But it doesn't.  It also said there was an ac adapter and there was not. Disappointed!
This item is pretty good. It seems to only suck up smoke when the cigarette/cigar is in the unit, but it did cut down on smoke in the house. I bought this because I am getting a cat and don't want the second hand smoke to hurt her. It seems to work well. I wouldn't buy it again because of having to buy filters and the awkwardness at first, getting used to flicking the cigarette in the opening. All in all, a pretty good buy.
I got this for my Husband, due to his never ending smoke trails from his ciggs coming towards my face, whenever he lights up on the couch next to me. And after using the worlds greatest smokeless ashtray, I must say in comparison this ashtray works GREAT!!!It effectively sucks up all his smoke from his ciggs, and he doesn't have a complaining wife in return for it. lolWe don't even have to open the window anymore to ventilate! That's how great this thing works.And its quiet, too. A real plus.
Good ashtray.  It keeps the smoke contained so it does not go out into the room.
This is a great product!!!  After installing it I ran it's load up to 100% of rated and it ran without a glitch.  I would buy another one in a heartbeat.
I installed this on a truck for a rancher. He needed to use electric saws, drills, and such that can usually require a generator. I tried to suggest a generator but he thought this would be better. It has been running find for a year now and he couldn't be happier. Not having to fool with gas, oil, stink, noise make this a pretty good choice. Flip the switch, plug in and use.There is an oddity or feature about this. It saves power by a sort of use test. If you don't set the setting correctly smaller tools will not enable the unit. I think the thing can be set pretty low. Just be warned that if  you try to change a cellphone it may not work on some settings. This turn off (battery save) feature may take maybe 1/4 of a second or so to bring online. Not any big deal but a small moment of start up wait. After it is on it is on until it decides to power save again. Might be able to set full power all the time if needed.I have a few smaller of these that are on the limit of usability for hand power tools. On my first test setup with this and an old battery it proved to be more than up to the task. A test with a circular saw on wood didn't slow down the saw, a heavy duty electric impact hammer pulled off lug nuts. It can run a large hammer drill easily.The actual install was two good batteries and some 0 gauge wire from each battery to the quad input posts. Dual grounds also. Might be you could use 3 or 4 batteries if you have to keep using this to the limits and be sure that ever watt you use needs to be charged back up as soon as possible.It is kind of small looking,  that worried me at first. Kind of lightweight too.The remote is one of the best features. It turns it off and tells battery status and load from inside the truck.I had to mount it in a weather proof electric box that the owner could open on hot days or high loads. I was worried about heat but the fans almost never turn on. I guess you could use it inside a box for light loads.The only downside is the quality of the current. Unless you purchase a true sine wave you end up with a stepped square wave. Not a big deal but some TV's and other things that are made for 50 hz seem to act up a bit. The tv brightness was much dimmer. I had to use one of these in a power outage for a few hours off a truck battery.I was impressed with this. You just have to have some monster cables and connections. A big fuse is suggested. All in the owners manual. The manual is generic for a few models but clear and contains all you need to setup and use.Be sure you understand the safety issues. Almost impossible to ground this setup in a mobile install.
Awesome inverter!! Price, fast shipping, easy installation, and the quality of Tripp-lite.  5 stars. I bought four of these, one for every truck in my fleet.
I haven't finished setting up my system yet. but was very impressed with it out of the box very good price working on the power supply for it
Tripp lite has always made great products so I expect the same from this. Mounted this in my electrical service truck because I do a lot of remote location work, no electrical service near.
I gave it a 4 because it has some pro's and some cons..The cons are its not very good with my plasma tv,the tv makes a buzzing sound weather on or off.The rep at the service center said because it's a modified sine wave inverter and pure wave is recommended for sensitive electronics.Pros :However it runs my 19" lcd tv fine,fans seem less powerful than an outlet but not a big deal.Flourescent lights work great and yes brewed my coffee with it and never broke a sweat (just make sure the vehicle is running when you do because it might sense a low battery and shut off)I run 2 batteries with mine and they are charged with solar power for back up power at home.Quality item for most of your a/c power needs!
This is my fifth and best inverter. As for low voltage if you check your meter under a load your voltage should shoot up to 115-120
This mat is perfect for my small apt lanai/patio.  It's cement so the mat provides protection when its too chilly or hot.  The porous weaving and waterproof material prevent any moldy destruction, etc.Very lightweight - easy to spray/clean after a storm.  So, also does need tie downs & weights as can easily lift if draft gets underneath.  Normal/small size lawn furniture keeps it in place, but extra weights/ties on corners help prevent problems during strong storms.I love the colors - and the fact its reversible.  Great design.  No holes/problems - well crafted with strong holding weave.Love it!
I'm sad because I had high hopes for using this as a cleanable rug for underneath my kitchen table. I thought it was going to feel different; I guess I'd describe it as looking like a plastic easter basket with very small weave. Also, the blue looked sort of slate blue online (and on its box!), but it's actually bright sky blue alternating with black. It looks tacky, I'll be honest. On the box, there's a picture of some people having a picnic on the beach with it and it would actually be great for that, or to use when camping as a giant mat. But I really don't think this can work in my apartment and I wish I hadn't bought it. Honestly, it looks like it should have cost $10. It comes in this huge box, though, so it might cost a lot to send back. I haven't decided yet. I could also give it to my mom to use in her backyard, I guess.
From the picture, I thought I was getting a soft green and white rug that was really big, and suttle. That is not at all what I got. this product was so weird. It was like hard plastic, and was a terrible bright green. I sent it back.
I purchased this for my daughter's patio.  Its a high traffic area with kids, pets, and lots of visitors.  It provided a nice "finish" to cover a rather dull looking concrete slab.At the price, I was hoping to make it for a season.  Frankly, it held up all summer long, and is still solid.  It may provide benefit for another year.  This was a good investment ... it did the job, and then some.
I bought this cover for my brother for Christmas, He needed a spare tire cover for his camper and is a big husker fan
This product is of very limited use.  Doesn't provide enough exoxy resin and doesn't provide the repair as advertized.  I'd recommend other repair options.
Not at all like the picture. Comes in a bag with black compound and finish compound. A little roll of expixy tape they say to use to fill the hole in. And sand paper squar and a textura square. Then on the back of the instructions a paint mixing guide. Oh and a little brush. No box.. s&uacute;per fast shipping. So far i havent used it yet but im thinking i wasted my money..
I use it on three different system and it gives me my reading that I'm keeping on my systems so it tells if i have any problems and it works great.
No instructions on how to use.
The belt is easy to attach to the wheel chair. It is easy to buckle and open and a good length for a patient with a large waste. The illustration should show the ends of the belt.
Unless I use a bungee cord, I have no idea how to get this belt to stay around a wheelchair.
I rehab old arcade games so I need to have a degausser for some of the CRTs we get in.  This works exactly like it is supposed to and is robust enough to stand up to workshop use.  Can't ask for more than that.
I have a 1981 Centipede Arcade cabinet that was affected by ligntning recently. A bunch of electronics were fried, and lt left a rainbow of colors across the Centipede screen. After looking at some videos on YouTube, I bought the degausser. It worked perfectly! The screen is AWESOME and back to normal. I followed the directions that came with it and it worked perfectly. Everything is now connected to new surge protectors.
Our 36" table top tv tube started distorting the colors.  We had the Wii battery/power cord too close to the tube.  I had used one of these degaussing coils years ago when I use to work at Rent A Center.  I ordered this one, it took doing it three seperate times (about 3 minuntes total) to get all the color back to normal.  Well worth the money and less than a trip to the service department or a new tv.
I accidently left my ultra powerful magnet which is used for magnet fishing on my tv. I turned the tv on and messed up my tv pretty good. I didnt think it could be repaired even with this device but after one round, my tv was back to normal again. Believe it!
Hard to find this item, but well worth the money you save having to call someone out for such a simple fix!
In this day and age of flat screen TV's and computer monitors, it's almost impossible to find old time television repair tools.  This degaussing coil is just that, and necessary to demagnitize, (degausse) a CRT so that the color comes through clear and correct.  This coil, made by Waldom, did the trick in short order.  I do a lot of older TV repair and restoration, and tools like this are important.  Works great, and I'd order another if this one ever breakes, though I doubt that will ever happen, it's so well made.  120VAC.  Throws a magnetic field at least six feet.
I bought this coil to use on my 24" Insignia CRT flat screen TV because I accidentally placed some speakers and a guitar amplifier by it, thus creating a significant "purple" spot on the bottom-right corner of the screen.The product itself looks pretty professional. I mean, I know nothing about TVs and degaussing coils but this product looks like something you would see a TV repairman carrying...I read the instructions and tried degaussing about three or four times, but each time I was still left with the purple spot. It did not make my TV worse, it just didn't improve it.Maybe my TV is too magnetized or I'm just doing it wrong, but at $60 I decided to send it back. The return process was very easy and I did not have any problems with the company.I would probably say avoid using one of these coils altogether unless you are familiar with how to use it because I think it screwed up my VCR and VHS tapes. However, if you are feeling adventurous (like I was), give it a shot - it may work for you. Besides, even if you send it back you're only out like $5-$10, which is a ton less than it would cost to have a repairman do it. Just keep it away from any magnetic media (audio/video tapes, computers, etc.)!!!
Didn't like it and I do not think it worked well. Unless it was something else wrong with the T.V.
It is what it is, there is no amp / fuse however, in case you were wondering or needed to know.
Hope it holds over time but for now it is fine. Got rid of the OEM on tire inflator that has a pesky fuse. This being direct is much better.
I agree with the other reviewers: this product is a great idea in theory, but does not work in real life.  Mine only works when it's plugged into the wall, which makes it useless on the road.  Terrible purchase; product website does not load, and customer service # does not work either.  Booooo!
I've had this product for well over five years and it still holds a charge fine. I don't leave it in the car to loose it's charge over the course of the months and years, I keep it in the house and if I take a long road trip where I may be away from quick roadside service, then I bring it along. I use the light at camp and in the house during power outages and periodically charge the battery as needed or before road trips, being careful not to overcharge. No big deal. The several times I've needed it to actually jump start a vehicle, it's worked like a charm with power to spare. I just bought a 200W inverter ( check out the "powercup inverter" on this very website:http://www.amazon.com/Power-Line-0900-66-200-Watt-Inverter/dp/B000QFISDK ) so now I can recharge my cell phone, run my laptop, re charge the iPod, and even run a vacuum sealer to preserve the fish I am going to catch on my upcoming camping trip. You could even run a TV off this thing if desired. I'll save the truck battery, and only re-charge the jump start battery while I'm driving down the road. Bottom line, if you take care of the jump start battery like the directions tell you to, it won't let you down. Mine is still going strong after more than 5 years of light duty use. Getting something that runs off of D-cells sounds like a waste of resources to me......
Unfortunately the product was defective.  The company was very customer friendly.I did not have any problem returning it for credit.
I agree with the other reviewer, but I'm angrier about having wasted my money on this product! In the 2 years that this product actually worked, just like the other person said, it was constantly losing its charge in the extreme heat and cold conditions that you find in the trunk of a normal car (particularly if you do not have your own garage...). I was able to use it successfully just ONCE. Of the other two times I needed to use it, one time it couldn't do the jump because it wasn't fully charged, and the other time it couldn't do the jump because it wasn't fully charged *and* I accidentally left the radio on when I tried to do the jump.(Warning: if you do use this product, make *absoutely* sure that *everything* electrical in the car is turned off before trying to jumpstart your car, otherwise the wipers, heater/AC, radio, lights or whatever will drain too much juice and you will not be able to jumpstart your car.)Now, 2 years later, the product won't hold a charge at all and I have just had to dump it in the trash. It is a good-sized chunk of plastic, metal etc. and it seems a terrible waste not to be able to recycle or reuse it somehow.I just complained to Coleman and they said it was a licensed product and they took no responsibility for it and referred me to the actual mfr, Team Products International. When I complained to them, they sent back a form email saying it was under 2 year warranty and that was it. I am totally disgusted with this.Bottom line, in my opinion towing insurance from your auto insurance co. or roadside assistance from your cellphone co. would be money better spent. And of course it's a good idea to carry regular (LONG) jumper cables, a blanket, etc. in case of wintertime emergency.
1) Okay, it's an older model, dosen't have the light2) Keep in the box in my pick-up3) Have jump started at least a dozen cars.4) Inflated several tires5) Just used the DC outlets for the past three days because my power is out to run:a) a small TVb) a portable DVD playerc) recharge my cell phoned) And yes, still has a full charge6) granted, it won't start a car that with a "fully" dead battery, but either will my 50 amp jump starter
This is a great idea - a portable jump starter. Unfortunately, current-day battery technology doesn't make it very practical.  If, like me, you live in an area where you get cold weather your car is either sitting in cold temperatures or in the blazing sun.  Neither condition is conducive to long battery life, so the Powermate is not likely to be fully charged for long if left where it makes the most sense - in your car.  Mine spends most of its time in the house where it's only useful for those rare times when the car's battery has died in my driveway.  Ideally, it needs some kind of system to keep itself fully charged while sitting in the car - you can hook it up to your car's cigarette lighter to charge it but I do not get the impression from the instructions that this is a recommended procedure - it's just not designed to be kept connected to a charging system 24/7.  Power and battery management is expensive and Coleman left it out of this product.If you're thinking this will make you a self-contained AAA service, probably not.  After long exposure to temperature extremes in your car you'll likely find yourself stranded with both a dead car battery and a discharged jump starter and you'll need a tow truck anyway.  All told, this is a good idea that's  poorly executed.  It needs to be kept at home and in the house to be fully charged and to keep the charge well enough to be of any use.  There are other jump starters of a similar idea that run on D-cell batteries.  Possibly a better idea - at least you'd be more likely to breakdown near a convenience store where you could buy a few packs of fresh batteries - when this thing is dead, so are you - right in your tracks.  If your battery is dead you can't charge this thing up from a dead car battery.  It seemed like a good idea when I bought it - now I realize it was a waste of money - it's just not functional in the "real" world.
After about 2 years mine no longer holds a charge.  Brand new it wouldn't start a dead battery in above freezing weather.  Don't depend on this to get your car started in a jam.  You will have more success push starting your car uphill.
In about 2 years the unit's battery failed to charge.  The green light comes on and then goes back to red in about 10 seconds so basically a dead unit or a very expensive dim lantern. The light works on a low charge level.  if you only need it for a short while and then plan to replace it might be worth 10 or 15 dollars new.
I purchased this unit with the purpose in mind of using it as a portable power source for little things.  For example, when I go camping it can provide power for lights, an air matress inflater, etc.  It can also be a longer lasting light source during a power outage than a typical flashlight.  The rating of "10 amp/hour" tells you it should be able to run something drawing ~10 amps for 1 hour, 5 amps for 2 hours, 3 amps for 3 hours, etc.As far as it living up to it's title of "jump starting" a car, I've not tried that & have doubts.  I was taught in shop classes "A good battery should maintain 10.5V when a power draw of 1/2 it's CCA rating is applied for 15 seconds."  This jumpstart has been labeled as having a "250 CCA" rating, but using a 100 amp load tester on a pretty new unit that was freshly charged, the voltage dropped to ~9.5V.  That test confirms to me that just like this is ~1/3 the size of a car battery, you won't get but about that much power from it (and I wonder if that "250 CCA" rating is true).The cars battery condition will also play a big role in whether or not this can "boost" you enough.  If a cars battery is pretty weak (like from leaving your lights on while you went to a movie for 2 hours) but can still provide some power, this "booster" can give you some extra power.  But if a cars battery is fully drained (like from leaving lights on all night long) and you hook this up to the dead battery, the dead battery will instantly start "stealing" power (to recharge itself) & probably drain this unit before you can even get from the hood to the driver seat & try to start the car.  In that situation you won't get started without true jumper cables from another car, a full size car battery to jump from, or charging the cars battery for at least 20 minutes with a 10+ amp charger.If you like to keep this in your car you may want to pull it out & plug it in for 1/2 an hour every month to maintain it (rather than charging it 1 time and leaving it in your trunk until you suddenly need it.  At the same time you pull it out, you may consider checking your spare tires air pressure & other such to be prepared for the unexpected).In any case, don't expect a small battery like this to provide that much power (even if they try and sell you with labels like "500 peak amps" which they have on the box) and don't expect it to hold a full charge forever without ever plugging it in.
Works Very well, just as I expected. Could have made due with a cheaper one, but figured I might as well get something that will last me for my life right?
After struggling with a cheap Radio Shack analog multimeter, I bit the bullet and purchased this Fluke for working on guitar amplifiers.  What a world of difference!  A good user's manual accompanies the product and it is very intuitive to use.  It's given me new confidence in taking measurements as I work.  Sturdy rotary dial with positive detents.  A tool to keep for life.
I use to have a fluke 179, when one day, I somehow lost it. It took me some time to get another one, when I found out that the price have consideribly gone up. So I looked at the specs very carefully, and found this model 177 to be identical except for the temp reading. But I have no need for that feature, so I got this model. Like the model 179, this model is built like a tank, very accurate and reliable. I think everybody knows that if you want the best, fluke is the way to go.
While teaching a class for "first responders" who wished to enter the world of Amateur Radio, I needed a digital meter to use in my demonstrations. The acknowledged leader in digital meters is FLUKE, so why not give demonstrations with the best. This is a great general purpose meter with the added plus of being able to test capacitors as well as resistors and diodes. For all around use I found the easy to read LCD display, the ability to manually range the meter and the adjustable backlighting all very convienient. I would recomend this meter for new users as well as advanced technicians.
Just about as good as you as you can get for a digital multimeter.  Fluke quality and durability (this unit is supplementing another Fluke 20+ year old model with a few less features), great accuracy, lifetime warranty, and easy and convenient to use (once you try out all the features a few times, everything will become easy and obvious).Of course, you may not need the accuracy that this model has, or true RMS for measuring AC, or some of the other features. If you just make an occassional voltage check, maybe a cheapy from Radio Shack will do the job.  But if you make your living with electrical equipment or electronics, or you are a serious hobbyist, the features, usability, durability, and accuracy of this DMM make it worth getting.  And the backlight feature has already proven itself useful, the first time I used it.
I have a fluke 177 and it is absolutely a wonderful tool. My first one was stolen but I couldn't live without it and I had to get a replacement. Once you are used to Fluke quality nothing else comes close. The absolute best thing about these is how fast a stable reading comes up. Other cheap meters especially cheap autoranging meters take an absolute age for the reading to come up and stabilize. With these it is instant and you know it is accurate. Often enough while troubleshooting industrial machinery I have to call tech support and report problems so they can send parts or whatever. A few times they have asked what I used to get the readings. When I tell them a Fluke 177 took them they trust that it is accurate and that you are a true professional.These things are really tough too! I try to take care of my tools but when you are in a dirty harsh factory or construction sight things happen, I have never seen a Fluke die in 20 years. They can be dropped, covered in mud, used in the rain, oil, grease you name it and still work just fine.These 177's are great because they are nice and compact. You can hold them easily with one hand and operate the range switch with your thumb even with gloves with practice. This is really great when you are trying to get some reading standing on a ladder or something and you don't want to drop it.The only difference between this and a Fluke 179 is this one does not have temperature. If you don't need it save some money and get this one, if you do buy the Fluke 179.
This is my second 177. Other than people walking away with the first one it's flawless.
Bought this w/ the probe thermocouple.  I need this for health inspections for my restaurant/bar.  Now according to specs on Fluke's website it comply's w/ NIST-175.  So first place I put it was our Freezer.. read -4F, Cooler 37F... Kitchen pizza prep station cabinets, 38F, top section where cheese and misc stuff for pizza is set, that is at 40F.  Checked the hot water from the faucets in the restrooms, and the kitchen, It was like 102F which is HOT.... Then I hit the bar... Keg room is at 34.5F... Therefor I have passed the health inspection.  So now with this... I wonder when a Beer is poured, what temperature will the customer drink it at?  38.3!  Now thats great to know!
My bbqing is now quite edible.  Threw out half my thermometers when I got this one.  --not because they were redundant --because they were uncalibrated pieces of crap.  This is the one to rule them all.  One fluke to find them.  One to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them!  Wait,  think I got a little off topic =/The meter is excellent.
I have long looked for a decent thermocouple with two inputs and this was it. I purchased 5 different ones in just slightly over a weeks time and returned all besides this one. I figured if I was going to spend $200+ I might as well have the cream of the crop. The Fluke 52-2 works perfect. The temps update quickly and this thing is very rugged. I have dropped it once or twice and it didn't even leave a mark. I even knocked over a thermos with liquid nitrogen in it and it didn't bother it at all.If you are looking for the best Fluke is the way to go.
The Fluke unit easily fits in one hand so it is easy to use in our shop.  The rubber housing is a big plus as the equipment is moved around often and will see some bumps and scrapes.  The digital screen is easy to read and temp readings are quick.  I will be purchasing additional units soon as this model is well suited for a manufacturing environment.
As I expected, the Fluke meter is flawless.  It is too bad they are so expensive.  If they were more reasonable, I would recommend them for everyone.
You pay a little more, but its worth it. Fluke meters and test instruments have served me well through the years.
Very accurate meter with clamp on probes , for pipe temp readings , great display , think it should come with case for the price
Like always this product works great. But I knew that since this is a Fluke. When you pay good money, you get good products.
Fluke makes hi quality items, and this is no different.  I have many other fluke tools, and they all work great.
Works as described. I always use the Loctite brand and have never had any issues.  Mostly used for RC helicopters so product failure is generally not pleasant.
I've used this product for bicycle building, specifically for Campagnolo cups.  If you follow directions, theys ask you to use this stuff.  And it works great.  Small bottle has seen me through four bike builds so far, and still have some left. Hard to find in stores, so buy it here!
I bought this clock because I loved the size as well as the analog dial. I began having trouble with it after just a month, but I was able to get it running again. Now, it seems to have quit working altogether. This morning, I was late to work, when it completely stopped.It was a good price at the time, but I can't afford such an inconsistent product.
This is a modern version of a clock that my wife enjoyed 50 years ago. I'm glad I found it.
We accidentally left our favorite TIMEX travel clock at a hotel some time ago.  I have been searching for one like it, and I finally found one that comes close. The only difference is the alarm-set dial, which is now on the back of the clock...but we can deal with that.  We both love the one-touch light feature that allows you to see the time in the middle of the night.  The alarm-on/off switch is easy to use and has a red strip that lets you know that it's in the ON position.My husband takes this when he travels but uses his even at home.  I bought one for my travels, and an extra one as well.
I was looking for a replacement for a white Radio Shack travel alarm that had died after many years of daily service.  This Westclox is the closest I could come.  My major complaint with it is the color--makes it hard to see on a dark tabletop.  I love the little pushbutton light, so useful to the light sleeper.  The small size will fit on the tiniest ledge or bedside table.
Just tested it a few times and it works just fine.Much less weight than the other models.For durability, only time will tell and I will update the review if there is any development.A word of caution: This impact wrench comes in 120 volts and 240 volts version. Make sure to contact customer service before you order the 240 volt version to be sure they will send the correct model for you. I ordered the 240 volt model but the 120 volt model came. Customer service was very prompt in their actions and immediately sent a replacement. After 4 days the replacement arrived but still it was a 120 volt model. My power source is only 240 volt and I need a transformer to be able to use the impact wrench. Amazon reduced the price for the items though. Amazon's policy regarding customer issues is very good. 2 wrong items sent to me would not prevent me from dealing with amazon again.Oh I just remembered, this item doesn't come with sockets or anything. You need to buy them separately. But its not an issue and still 5 stars for amazon and the makita impact wrench.
Please note!!If your into "no Chinese" made stuff "electric" is the way to go. If you want the quality Makita is known for, make sure its from Japan...I would have bought battery power if it weren't made in China. I know quality controls and all of that are probably there too. But, I can hardly find "Made in USA." So i am real picky.  Albeit, most electric tools are more power anyway.  The Impact driver is rated at 260 fpt @ only 3.5 amps.  I didn't see one battery impact driver for that same price at this rating, its just not there.  Good Job Makita.P.S. AMAZON makes it easy to review items and pick what you want. I love the site because they never drop ship. If an item isn't in stock they will tell you before checkout.Phillip in AZ.
Made in Japan !  Not a Chink-made POS. Remember when &#34;Japanese&#34; connoted junk?  Not anymore.  Sockets are well made and put up with my level of abuse.
It said 260lb/ft torque, but it can't remove lug bolt in my car. That's why I return.....Over spec, useless and heavy.
I bought this tool for Home Improvement assembly work, and after using it for 2 weeks there's nothing I don't like about it.  Has more than enough torque to do everything I need very quickly and is pretty comfortable to use even when using for long periods working at extended reaches  One of the better tool purchases I've made.
works great
I have been using this product for many years, and it is a very good product, but the only problem is it's hard to find, but Amazon has come to my rescue!!!
First off, I live in an apartment complex where the dumpsters are 3 buildings down, which means, rain or snow, if your trash has to go out, it has to be taken in your car. I made the mistake of letting my trash back up, so I had 2 bags instead of one. I brought one downstairs, put it in the trunk of my car, then went back in to get the other. Drove to the dumpsters, threw them out, drove back. The smell was AWFUL. I thought I was going to throw up. Raw chicken+kitty litter. Yeah. Not a great combo.I parked and left my windows down for about 3 days, WITH an open box of baking soda, but the smell was there to stay.I managed to get to and from work without vomiting by driving with the windows all down and the air blasting, but one day after my boyfriend left for work I got a text from him saying "Your car smells HORRIBLE. I almost threw up. WTF?" I said leave the windows cracked, I don't know what else to do. He wanted to get it professionally cleaned. I do NOT have the money for that.Fast forward to about a week in to having the smell, leaving the windows down 24/7. I was out at the bank and decided to check an auto store; asked for the strongest odor neutralizer they had.WARNING: Pay attention to what the can says! I got home, opened all my doors, windows, and the back hatch, and just laid on the nozzle until I was coughing a lung up. In hindsight, not a great idea since literally 1-3 sprays will do it and I had to breathe in what was similar to spray paint for a few days, but now my car doesn't smell at all. I'm SO glad I tried this product!! Just don't spray too much like me!! lol
I decided to buy it and it is worth of the price. I use it in my house and it smell very well like lemon grass.
I`ve just bought a house. The former owners were heavy smokers. I scrubbed the house from top to bottom and I still felt the smoke odeur. Then I heard of a product called Ozium. There was only one problem...The product were not to be found in any stores in Sweden. What to do? Go online and search. I found it! Rylee Industries Inc. sent me the product Ozium with a nice letter. My lucky day was when I got my package of Ozium.I just shaked the container, sprayed in the rooms and closed the doors. I did this for a few times. And guess what? The smoke odeur disappered! Completely. Amazing. Now when friends come over their only comments are how fresh it smells in my house! I'm happy and smiling! Thank you Ozium and Rylee Industries Inc.!6 Pack Ozium AIR Freshner Spray -- .8 Oz Original Scent
Just a quick spray, and within minutes, all traces of odor from smoke, pets, garbage, etc. are completely eliminated!Nothing I have tried works better :-)
I have used this product off and on over the past few years and not found anything better.  My daughter is now using this at her company restrooms.
Awesome products! I've been buying it since the Cheech & Chong movie from years ago. Highly recommended! Great for removing all kinds of odors.
It works.  There is a slight ordor but fades shortly.  Really cleans the air of cig. smoke and more.  Also, use it in my car to make it smell fresher.  Have ordered this product twice so far because it works.  Would recommend.
I was going to review this originally as 2-3 stars. I sprayed this in my car which the previous owner had smoked A LOT in. It was terrible.I sprayed Ozium all over the car, closed the doors and waited over night. No real change, or at least that's what I thought.The next day, I sprayed this into my intake vents under the hood of my car. I took out the cabin air filter and turned on the A/C and heat while spraying this. This took care of the crap/tar in the ventilation system!So yes, this stuff works decently well. However, my car is still not, nor will it ever be 100% smoke free. I've tried using an Ozonator but this worked a little better.Gonna buy a new car as soon as I can, but in the meantime, this stuff really helped.
If I had this back when I smoked weed I would have used mad bottles of this :)  It works super good a covering odors.  It will make your house/car smell like a hospital kinda.
This product is truly like no other air freshener I have ever tried. It completely removes the odors from the air, and keeps fighting odors for hours. It eliminates musty odors and even gets rid of the toughest smoke smells in my car and bedroom. I recommend this to anyone!
I liked this product very much however i would strongly suggest giving your vehicle a one or two second blast at night when you won't be using the car for several hours.  That gives the product time to clean the air and settle down. If you spray your interior and then immediately drive your vehicle I think that the odor is a bit overwhelming. Very effective when used as recommended above.
Gets rid of all those pesky lingering smells, works especially well to remove the odors caused by smoking various herbs; 1 spray and it's all good.
What a joy to use and wow, the air in the house smells fresh and clean. Bacteria are also removed. Good pooduct.
When you must absolutely, positively, perfectly, utterly, and completely remove an odor, Ozium will not let you down. Stuff works.
This is  an amazing product for killing very, very bad odors that linger in the kitchen, such as fish smell after cooking, garbage container waiting to be dumped on trash day, or very toxic smell left in the bathroom after use. One or two small burst of spray is all that is needed to rid yourself of intrusive odors around the house. I used it in my friend's car to get rid of the moldy tobacco smell. He can't stand it when I get in his car and start spraying.I highly recommend this product versus non-affective smelly crap you buy at the store. It leaves a clear air scent.
We use this in the dental office when one of the younger patients has an &#34;accident&#34; or vomits.  We have tried most of the other products on the market and this one is the staff favorite. Most of the other products on the market that we have tried leave a perfumey smell overlaid with the offending scent.  The mix is usually not pleasant, makes most people feel queasy.  This ozium air sanitizer is different, it just clears the air.  It actually works as advertised.  There is almost no perfumey smell, just a very pleasant clean scent to the air.  I have not tried any of the other scents, we (my staff and I) were perfectly happy with this, so we haven't tried any of the others.
Works much better than normal air freshener a which tend to enhance smells rather than mask. I needed a few more sprays than advertised to get rid of smoke smell, so it lost a star for the price and size.
...but the smell of the ozium itself is a big give away.  So if you are looking to get rid of smell without the big obviousness that you used an air freshener look somewhere else.  But if for example your car smells and you need to get rid of the smell by morning, it works! I sprayed all over and drove for about 10 min down the freeway.  Parked home, sprayed more and left a small crack in the two front windows and the next day it was good!
I bought this product to get rid of mary jane smells in my car after visiting some forums and reading amazon reviews. it works great! usually. sometimes when i get back in my car i can smell the tiniest hint of mary jane, but that's probably b/c i don't use it every time and so the smell builds up. will definitely purchase again when the can runs outif you buy this product for the same reason i did, i recommend not spraying it until you are leaving car (i.e. over night) b/c it is rather noxious and spraying the product while inside the car isn't exactly the most pleasant experience.
Seems to have done the trick against severe odour of a used couch I bought. Process was efficient and I am delighted
We have used Ozone Spray in our home for over 45 yrs it top all other sprays being it Last and does not leave any chemicle odor in your mouth or noseIt's widely used in many Hospitals and Hospice areas since the beginning of time for it's known to remove 100% bad elements that is airborne
I bought this for my 86 year old mother who is starting to have bowel incontinance.  She lives in a retirement apartment complex and they told her if she couldn't do something effective to control the odor, she would have to leave and go to a nursing home.  She had tried numerous other products that didn't do a good enough job.  Now she is happy, the apartment manager is happy, and she is able to avoid going to a nursing home.  If Ozium can neutralize, not just cover up, these kinds of odors, it can handle anything.
This product is AMAZING!  I just bought a new car that smelled like smoke, and I did a lot of things to get it out but nothing did it completely.  I saw this stuff in an autoparts store and thought what the heck and bought it, I am so glad I did.  It was developed for hospitals or something, it is like a gas, not a mist, and it eliminates everything, there is just "nothing" odor wise, I'll always have this product from now on, trust me if you need to get a smell out of your car buy this product!
I've used it in the medical field for years, but never thought to use it, on some saddle bags that just completely and utterly reeked of smoke.  Did not matter what I sprayed inside them (they are hard plastic, not your typical soft leather), how long I left them open outside to air out. They would always smell like smoke - that was, until I sprayed this stuff inside them!Only one treatment on each bag did the trick. 100% free of any trace of smoke odor.Yes, it is a small can, but just a little will go a long way.
Works but sometimes after a half an hour, their is still a lingering pet odor. It is Worth the price though.
It really covers most ANY odor.  Very strong, so dont spray too much at one time.  But it works for smoke, cooking oil, paint, almost anything.
clears the air fast
Clears up smells quickly, leaving behind a light scent my wife describes as &#34;lemongrass&#34;. I keep a can in my car so I don't smell it up after a cigar at work, and it's wife approved.
Does what it is supposed to do! Has a medicine-ish smell but it goes away within 3-5 minutes and leaves your room/car odor free. Great stuff and no fake smell that sits around to cover up odors like febreeze etc.
I don't mind paying for better quality and this stuff is worth it. Dont bother with buying just one can, make it worth it with a pack. i have 2 cats 2 dogs and 2 smokers in an old house. so if odor control is a constant issue in your place then i cant recommend these enough. just a LITTLE obliterates funky smells. epic.
Does its job well but the smell is really strong so I don't recommend spraying a lot. Just a few sprays should do the trick.
I bought this for a car that sat for a long time and smelled like mice.  The smell of the spray is pretty strong and unpleasant but it does seem to take care of the other odor.  You have to use it often to make it work.
Ozium was highly recommended by a friend years ago, and I've used no other such product since.  Its best feature is that it removes odors rather than just replacing one odor with another. It may seem pricey, but is well worth it;  Not only does it work well, but seemingly lasts forever.  I found this item difficult to find in stores, but thanks to Amazon, it was easy to find and order.
This doesn't just cover odors.  It removes them from the air and works very quickly.  It's not totally odorless but has a pleasant citrus smell.
This product was left "under the bathroom sink" in a rental property I was in....(the Owner works at a hospital) it seems it just won't run out....a small amount eliminates all the odor in the room and the bottle lasts forever!LOVE it...so I tracked it down here and ordered more
This works so well! It will eliminate any odor that might be in your house. Kitchen, Bath or Garage. Says 1,500 sprays. I believe it. In the original version it was pre filled release vs now use as much as you need, But a single spurt works so well. I do like the pre measured pump from the past. But it still works the same. Fills the entire room - and takes down any odor in seconds. I love this stuff!
Smelled like something had died under our hood any time we turned on a/c.  This has helped to control the odor
The scent has changed. although the package says &#34;original&#34;, it is not.The picture shows a silver stripe that says &#34;original&#34;. but it comes with a red stripe.I have returned the item.Thank you Amazon for the no hassle return.
I can tell no difference in the slight smokey smell of the car I sprayed. To make certain, I used it again, spraying more thoroughly, including the air intake and used the AC and the heater. After one hour, it seemed to have masked the smell. By the next day, the car smelled exactly as it did before, a slight but unpleasant cigarette smell.
Nice little bathroom add to keep unappetizing smells away. Each can pretty much does go about 1500 sprays and keeps the paint from peeling off the toidy walls. I buy the six pack so we're never without. And for this, my entire family is grateful!
I've used Ozium on multiple occasions, though the current packing is a change from my purchase.Once when an emergency required I let my landlord into my apartment, I sprayed this stuff and no inappropriate odors were noticeable.  A true success.It's important to know that while this does eventually eliminate odors, it doesn't do so immediately.  First, it covers the odor with a thick orange smell similar to if you were using an orange scented cleaning product in the room.  Because it's glycolized, it's pretty much like spraying an oil into the air.  It makes the air feel thick, like, don't spray too much or you won't want to breathe that air thick.Product is imperfect (thickness of the air and pervasiveness of initial spray) but it does work, so I gotta give it 5 stars.&#34;I was just in the middle of buffing the wood in my apartment with this orange scented polish when you came to my door, how can I help you?&#34;
This is an expensive air freshener, but good for really strong odors like cigarette/cigar smoke, fish, etc. Worth it for using sparingly.
Has an odd sort of cinnamon smell and I don't think you're supposed to breath it, so I use it sparingly but it does seem to cut through odors than any other air freshener. Hard to find in stores, but I've seen it in Rite Aid in the Auto section, to use it for car air fresheners.
Takes all odors right out of a room with only  one second spray.  Will be buying more for sure. Great
Ozium is a product I have used since my husband was in medical sales 35 years ago.  The scent dissipates rapidly and it sanitizes where you spray.  When you could buy the large can, I used it in my classroom, I still use it in m house. It doesn't stain so I spray it under my beds in my island house and in my closets to keep mold and mildew from growing. It's a great product.  If I could find te larger cans I would be buying in that size.  After frying onions or garlic, one spray and the odors are gone.
This stuff is amazing. Ozium seems to really attack bad odors rather than just cover them up with perfume.  A little goes a long, long way and it leaves a nice scent behind....sort of citrusy.
I used this product to get the light musty smell out of the used car that we bought.  I replaced the air filter and then sprayed the seats, the floors and the vents with the Ozium and left the sprayed car over night.  (It also works well to clear the musty smell out of the room my wife calls the 'Man Cave'.)
It works pretty well at eliminating odors, but it doesn't last forever. It is recommended that you remove what is causing the odors in the first place, then use this product. Still works and lasts longer than that glad stuff you can buy in the store
This is great for smokers but be aware this is power stuff.  I use it to keep doggie odors at bay.  This is not like fa-breeze where you spray it on items.  I still use Fa-breeze.  However if you want the air clean in a hurry this is it.
Housekeeping staff and guest love that we use this product. Awesomeness!! Way lived up to the reviews that are on line!
Ozium smells so horrible.  It is putrid.  After a few minutes the smell is gone inside a house.  I assume that if you use it in a car it will go away faster with open windows. It Gets rid of you not wanted ganja smells or cigarette smells easily.  It doesn't cover them it really gets rid of them.  5 stars.
I really like this product. I got tired of spending money on typical air freshening gadgets, plug-in, sprays, candles, and automatic sprayers. Some just masked odors, some made the smells worse, some did virtually nothing and most did not last very long at all.I now keep odium in all of my bathrooms and they work quickly and effectively to get rid of poopy smells, especially useful when you have company or other visitors. I use ozium in the rest of my house to get rid of cooking smells and overall odors from everyday living. It works quite well on burnt smells but may take 2 or 3 applications to fully work. My house is over 4000 sq ft and although the product is quite expensive (less 1 star), I find that I use substantially less of this product than others I have tried. A short spray here and there has kept my house smelling quite good since I started using it.While I like the residual smell, it may not be for everyone...it smells sort of like a light licorice smell to me. After it has done what it is supposed to, you can open a nearby window to help neutralize the the light ozium smell pretty quickly.Some folks say to just clean your house and you will not have odors. Well, I have a clean house and would frequently air  it out by leaving the windows open in the spring and fall. However, it is hot as heck here in the summer and who wants windows open in the winter time. So ozium is particular great to have when it is not practical to leave a window open to let out foot smells, cooking odors and funk from gassy men and teen boys. I like to mainly use it at the end of the day, when everyone else has gone to bed. When we wake up, everything is fresh again and the ozium smell has also dissipated.As I stated before, I have dogs and have had no problems with using this product. I highly recommend it but just wish the price was a bit lower!!!
This smells awful.  I used it for a couple of weeks as the directions specify.  Didn't remove the smoke smell at all, just mixed with an even worse smell
Works like a charm!
Works amazingly well. I read the claims and reviews and was skeptical. I can honestly say that it REMOVES the odor, it does not mask it.
I bought this because a neighbor in our condo building was smoking very pungent marijuana.  The stench was unbelievable.  They were also relentless and would not stop their practice even though it filled the entire building with the stench!I googled &#34;Marijuana Stench Remover&#34; and found OZIUM was the choice of marijuana &#34;users&#34; to hide the smell from Mom and Dad!It really works very well.  My asthma has improved and I am not coughing as much either.  Great product for &#34;all&#34; odors!(BTW: their landlord came by one day and a week later they were gone!)
This item definitely eliminates odors from the air. But, is not for removing odors from fabrics.
My wife and I are smokers and do so in our house...(oh heaven forbid) we do pay the mortagage after all. Spray a couple shots of Ozium before going to bed and the next morning..NO smoke smell.  Friends or neighbors that come by don't even know we smoke.
I mounted these covers on a 1987 Ford Econoline E350 motor home.  Fit perfect, and very tight fit.  Added an elgant look to the motor home. Drove the RV for over 100 miles and they still on. Nice Chrome and smooth finish.  I like it, and I will buy it again.  By the way the price was less tha on third what RV dealers asking.  I recomeded highly if you need this type of wheel cover.
These push on simulators are a perfect fit and finish. I was concerned about the low cost and the fact that they are push on, however they look fantastic and are super nice quality. Thank You !!!!!
These simulators came in great time and fir the vehicle perfect. They have a great finish on them and should last me on this vehicle
I was very pleased with the look of these simulators but they were very tight and difficult to install on the wheels.  The metal is very thin and I actually dented one with a rubber hammer trying to get it on before I decided to use pliers to bend every other tab on the simulators to make them easier to tap on.  I just hope that doesn't allow them to come off when driving.  No problem on short trips but I haven't hit the highway yet.  I read other comments about a gap between the simulator and the wheel which is about a 1/4 inch on my wheels, but I painted the wheels black instead of the white and that gap pretty much disappeared.  Really improved the look of the box van for a very reasonable price.  I would recommend these.
I installed a set of these 16&#34; simulators on my 1995 Ford Tioga 23' class c motorhome and they fit good except that the front set stick out about 1/4 inch front the wheel rim and will not seat flush.  The back set seat flush.  These do make the RV look good so I guess for the price they are a good bargain.
Simulator would not fit,  a little disappointed product didn't fit and it cost me 35.00 to return. So it ended up costing me 35.00 to see if they could fit after cost if refunded.
is well drinks and stop me the best and as for the other truck that has since comprare other and thanks for your products with luck and may God blesses thanks ....
Put it on our 2008 Melborne RV and they fit tight and look great. Best price I could find for something that still looked very nice. Thanks a quality product and a reasonable price. Sometimes hard to find.
The Rims are great. I lost one while on a trip a few months back. Had been looking for a replacement since then. Found that a single rim costs as much as this entire 4 wheel set. Now I have extra rims, just in case or who knows perhaps a friend may need one in the future.
bought these for my RV, They are a bit tough to get on , which makes you think they would be hard to get off and would not fall off. Well I got about 100 miles and realized I had lost both front covers and still had the back covers.  Needless to say I was disappointed. I made sure they were on and used a rubber mallet to install and make sure they were on.  So now I am 1/2 chrome and 1/2 crap on my RV.
Made my 2003 Ford look great. Anybody that has an old truck and wants to improve the looks of there truck needs these
WHELL INSERTS, JUST WHAT I ORDERED..GOOD VALUE AND LOOKS GREAT.INSTALLED ON A 95 25' CLASS C COACHMAN E-350 JUST DO IT ..YOU WILL BE PLEASED WITH THE UPDATED LOOK....LITTLE MODIFICATION HAD TO REMOVE ONE TAB FROM THE INNER RIM( WHERE THE INSTERT GRABS THE WHELL ) TO GET THE AIR EXTENTIONS INSTALLED, THEY NEED TO BE RIVITED TO THE INSERT SO THEY ARE NOT LOOSE ,EASY TO DRILL AND RIVET. GOT RIVIET GUN FROM HOME DEPOT WITH EXTRA RIVETS, THE EXTION KIT COMES WITH THEM BUT YOU ALWAYS NEED ONE MORE..NOT PART OF THE PRODUCT BUT DIDN'T WANT TO MESS WITH TRYING TO CHECK TIRE PRESSURE WITH OUT THEM, SO IF YOU PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT YOU MAY WANT TO INVEST IN THIS ITEM ALSO. GET THE STAINLESS BRADED LINES FROM CAMO.P.S. FAST FREE SHIPPING WAS INCLUDED..GOT THE PRODUCT WITH- IN A WEEK, EARLYER THAN PROMISSED...GREAT SHIPPING..DIDN'T EVEN NEED TO CALL AND SAY"WHERE IS IT"HAPPY SHOPPING..I'M ALWAY LEARY OF ORDERING ON LINE BUT THIS WAS A PLEASERERRRRRRRR..  HARDY B  SOUTH FLORIDA
I purchased theses simulators for my 02 Silverado 3500 Dually.  I was so impressed how quickly they arrived.  They stated it would take 7 to 10 business day and they showed up in just 3 days.  They look great on the truck, a huge improvment over the painted steel wheel.  I found them a little difficult to intall for the first time. You will need to use a rubber mallet to put them on.  My biggest complaint is that they do not fit flush to the rim.  There is a 1/4" gap between the two.  I called Phoenix USA and talk to a guy there who explained that even though they are "UNIVERSAL" to fit Chevy, Ford, & Dodge; Chevy changed their wheel size in 2001.  They do not fit as they should.  He said that I may lose a front cover if I hit a big pothole or take to sharp of a corner due to the force and pressure that can be created.  I have put over 1000 miles so far with no problem.  I would recommend these even though the fit is not perfect.  Great product that makes such a difference in the apprearence of my truck.  Oh, the center cap decals are not included here either.  You can order them from Phoenix USA for a couple of dollars.  I like the look with out better.  Great purchase!  I am very happy with my decision and a great price too.
These wheel liners look great! Took my 93 Ford class C motorhome through dirt roads/sites after heavy rains and practically died when i saw all the mud dried on my wheels. At the end of the trip FINALLY had a chance to wash them off and they looked like they just came out of the box!Also they fit VERY TIGHT (took a rubber mallet to get these on) so hopefully they won't fall off as easy as some other brands. Very satisfied.
I WAS GLAD TO RECIEVE A FULL SET OF WHEEL SIMULATORS. THEY WERE IN GOOD SHAPE AND I HOPE THEY STAY ON THE RV.
The Cons:These are not chrome, very thin stainless, center hubs are not stainless, hand holes are very small so you will have to purchase valve extentions, ($60 for decent ones), The front ones stick out off the rim about 3/8", the rear ones 1/4", when seated all the way in on my 2002 Chevy 1 ton. No center decal. Had to cut the plastic inner rings on the front ones to fit over valve stems.The Pros:Cheap, have a nice shine, fit very tight. If its all you can afford, they're better than rusty rims.
I ordered these on Monday night, and they arrived on Thursday. Packaged very well, and padded between each cover. They fit very snugly, which is good. The wheels on my old '92 Chevy dually have some rust, so I oiled a small paint brush with a bit of motor oil and put a light coat around the edge of the wheel. Doing so made the covers snap on securely. They look much better than I expected for the price, and I highly recommend these to anyone wanting to dress up a dually a bit.Jeff QuinnStewart County, Tennessee
This product made my bus look very professional.  It gave it a entirel different look.  Great product for the price and easily snaps on.  Well worht the money and shipping was fast.
Much better than I expected.Perfect fit , good quality, quick delivery  and the price was very competitive.I recommend these Rim Covers.
I lost a rear hub cap in the west as I was traveling through the mountains. I thought replacing it would be pricey, but I found this set to be reasonable and it gave me extras for in case I lose another one.
they fit real good ,look real nice,easy to install,will need to paint rim behind it .I'm very happy with them.
Well made,fit my E450 16" rims great & looks great! For the money you cant find a better set of 4!
Fits right into the wheel of my 2003 RV Ford chassis. It has more "teeth" that bites into the wheel so hopefully it won't fall off.
For recreation vehicle application these are excellent. Not sure what they would be like on a vehicle doing tons of miles each year. Possibly get banged up easily??For my application, I am thrilled with the quality & finish.
they fit perfect and tight I used a rubber mallet they look good and the price was right they make the truck look grate.
Rear pair for dualleys fit great and look awesome but the frount ones were a fight to install and they would not seat properly and they stick out about one 1/4 inch.The first trip out I lost one front cover and I am surely not going to buy another set for one cover.
I priced several wheel covers before purchasing these.Went on easy, made my trucks look great.I would recommend them to anyone wanting a great look at a low price!
Great!  easy instillation (with tires off), work fantastic, machine goes thru ice and snow were it would have got stuck for sure without them.
Not as heavy of chain as my last ones but the cross bar chains are the same should do the job
Our 94 Econoline Van does not have a handle above the windows.  This helps people to get in and out of the van.  It is moveable from  one side of the van to the other.
I bought the Micro Inverter for occasional use with my laptop while on the road to avoid the problem of running out of battery power. So far so good, it works pretty well and the complaint of it's fan being noisy which I read from other reviews hasn't really bothered me. It certainly seems a handy tool and can be recommended for anyone with similar needs.
This is a great product!!  I purchased it for a long road trip, and was able to connect my X-Box to the power and play it on the trip!  Definately recommend!
We purchased this so we could use our laptops on the trip to Disney and back. It worked just fine- cord was long enough that it even reached the back seat of the mini-van. Had no trouble at all. Part that sticks out from your lighter space a little bulky, but other than that wouldn't change anything.
We used the inverter to power our laptop (with a nearly dead battery) during our first long family road trip.  The kids enjoyed hours of movies, we remained sane.The device was quiet and remained cool throughout. Highly recommended.
I purchased this so that I could power my laptop for a long road trip.  The kids were able to watch DVD's on the laptop (that I already owned) instead of me having to buy a portable DVD player for them.  This product worked perfectly.  Yes, it does have a slight hum from the fan motor, but it is really quiet and is easily drowned out by road noise.  I honestly only noticed it because after reading all the reviews I was listening for it.  I highly reccommend this if you need to power something in your vehicle.  Just pay attention to the wattage, this can power up to 175 watts, but my laptop only needed 65.The unit is a little bulky, so if you have a tight space to plug it into, you may have a problem.  This was not the case for us, though.
I have not tried it with a draw near its max of 175W but at lower draws it is fine and always runs cool, thanks to the built in fan. That is also the only negative I have after a month with the unit -- fan noise. It is loud enough to be noticeable over normal road noise, although the car radio drowns it out at normal volume. I think I can put up with the fan because otherwise it seems a very good unit. Maybe they could hook the fan to a sensor and only have it run when the unit gets hot. The shape is good for my pickup's dash arrangement and being all-in-one it doesn't slide around or need securing. Overall, a good unit that has done the job.
This was a great purchase.  I have owned this product for three years and have no complaints.  Quickly powers your devices.
Why is this about three times the price? I can get it at the local store for $8:99!Works great if you don't overload it, it can run anything under 150 watts.
I don't understand the noise complaints. I am ordering a backup unit as mine is nearly 6 years old, has been plugged in at least 1000 times and I figure it has about 9000 hours on it. Maybe the newer units have a different fan. This unit has to be one of the most reliable pieces of electronics that I have ever purchased.
I read a lot of the reviews before purchasing and thought that this looked like a pretty good deal. Worked great for the few times we traveled, but stopped working in November. I contacted Amazon and was told I would have to contact Xantrex for help since it was past their thirty day return policy. Fair enough. Started with my first contact with them on 11/11. Took until the 26th to get an answer after two more emails. Said they needed serial # and proof of purchase to start an RMA. I even tried the inverter again and had to pull it as smoke began to pour out of it. I supplied the required material on three different occasions (as well as telling them about the smoke) and finally let them know I would be contacting Amazon about their poor response. Still nothing. I suspect that they'll probably get around to answering around January 15th to tell me I'm too late, as the warranty expires on the 14th. I will not be buying from this company again, and would definitely not encourage anybody else to buy their products.
-Solid Construction-Small Size footprint-Robust design, has fan for reliabilityWish it had a power switch instead of unplugging to turn off
This little inverter is perfect because there are no bulky boxes or wires running all over the floor of the car.  Perfect for my laptop and for my cell phone charger.  It has it's own little fan built in that keeps it from overheating.  So far so good!
I used this product on a long road trip to charge a laptop, digital camera, electric toothbrush, cell phones. Only drawback is the fan - not real noisy on the highway but will be loud parked. But, it is very convenient.
I bought this item for emergency purposes.  I dont check my cellphone if it is fully charged or not and I fell confident that I can use my cellphone ( including my laptop or portable DVD player) anywhere, everywhere I want it.
This inverter is perfect for laptop computers since the rated wattage is higher than others. The only issue I've found is that the fan never turns off in mine.
OK - so I'm the type that needed a car adapter for cell phone, kids DVD player, Blackberry, XM radio, etc.Spent between $10 & $20 each on these things.To quote Bill Murray in "Stripes" - STUUUUUUUUUPID!I mean, hello?$25 means I can now take anything electronic that I can carry & plugs into a wall outlet with me in the car.Which I just did driving the 4 kids on a long weekend back & forth to the shore.As for the noise, can we get serious?  Once in a while I hear something I'm not familiar with & wonder what it is.Once I realize it's this thing, I think "I can't believe people actually posted about this noise", remember that I love this thing & it fades back into nothingness.
I bought this device trying to eliminate endless number of car chargers for cell phones, PDAs and DAPs used in a car.What is good for this inverter1. small size2. a good fit in cig lighter that provides AC feed without interruption at bumpy rideWhat is bad for it1. relatively tall, so it can't fit in some cig lighter when not enough vertical clearance2. noisy, because it has fan, so it can be a problem for listening music not so loud3. no on/off switch so it needs be unplugged if a car doesn't support of automatic switch off of cig lighter4. fan moving parts make me think that it can breakOverall it's a good device and I'm mostly satisfied with it.
This thing is great.  I used it to charge my laptop during my driving tour of D.C and Virginia.  The fan noise is pretty low.  When the music was on, it was very hard to hear the fan. Now I do not need carry different car chargers for different electronics any more.
I use the Xantrex Technologies 851-0178 XPower 175-Watt Micro Inverterto power my laptop when in the truck.  It's perfect for this use.  The fan puts out a faint whir, but it's not at all objectionable, and after just a few minutes, you forget it's there.I can't think of any cons, and I'd buy another if the need arose.
I love gadgets! and this fits in with my lifestlye - RVing and being on the road.It is great for running my laptop or charging my cell phone from the car!
I bought this for powering a laptop while on the road since it was cheaper than an OEM 12v power supply.  It has worked without a hiccup for 20+ hours at this point with no odd smells obvious power fluctuations or problems.  Honestly the fan noise isn't a problem.
This product is so usefull in my car. Come packed so goog. Your function is so basic but excelent.
This is the perfect item for anyone who uses technogly on the road. This will chage any item and you don't even have to start the car. As long as th radio is on this will chage anything you have from computer to cellphones you will never have to worry about having the right car chager again. This is perfect and works for any car.
This item is poorly constructed. It failed after using it occasionally for one year.  Dissasembly of the failed inverter shows very poor construction techniques.  The transformer had broken loose from the circuit board because the manufacturer depended upon very thin wires to hold this heavy component in place.  RECOMMENDATION: DONT BUY
We live in NE and this came in handy during the December ice storm which took out our power for 48 hours. We were able to keep our laptop charged using this so we at least had some entertainment in the evenings.
I like this product. little noisy. work very good for laptop or portable DVD, etc...
Will have to return it as it makes a lot of noise and popping sounds like it is about to fail.  Am afraid to use it.
I got this because we go on summer trips and my dad's car has a DVD player but the headphones don't work so i looked up computer car charger saw alot of these but always look at the reviews first so i saw this one and said to my self if this has more good reviews than bad i will get this had more good so i got it from bluenook i don't like to buy from sellers i don't know but the price was good so i went for it the address i gave them was wrong so they called me and got it right thanks blue i will buy from you again so when it came it was in great shape easy to open nothing sounded broken good size not to big looks just like the pic i plug it in the car the reviews said the fan was loud i had to put my ear next to it so i could hear it i has a green light that tells you it's on you don't need to turn on the car for it to work it runs on the car's battery but i don't think it shucks it dry it's big so hard to find a place for it if you car a small car but i put it in a volkswagon found a place for it and if the car breaks down we can use our phone and when we go on trips i have my computer to watch DVDs and charge the phone so i love this thing buy it you won't regret it!
I bought this inverter to run my MacBook Pro on my boat. A month now and it has performed excellently. Some reviews gripe about the fan, but the sound is very soft and, frankly, I'm happy to have it there to keep the components cool, which means to me that it will last longer. Great.
We bought this as we moved states and had to (at least try to) take our five saltwater fish with us. We needed to power two air pumps to get air to them during the 20 hour trip. This inverter worked like a champ. The pumps didn't take a lot of amps, but it still worked great and the fan noise was minimal. Couldn't hear it over road noise.
I fly American Airlines coast to coast.  Most American planes have DC outlets under the seats.  I was able to plug the converter in the DC socket, plug my computer into the AC outlet and work and use the internet service without running out of battery power....Highly recommend for this application.  Just make sure you purchase the correct wattage rating.  I use a Dell laptop and the 175Watt rating worked well.
I simply had to replace a similar product that has worn out.  This is an inexpensive and useful way to keep various units playing or charged in a vehicle without having to purchase a separate car charger for each.
in our family, everyone has a different style cell phone, so every two years when we got new phones, it meant buying a new car charger for each phone... well, no more!  we decided to just buy an inverter for each car, and that way we can just plug in the charger that is included with each phone, we'll never buy another cell phone car charger again!!  and we'll be all set to plug in laptops and digital camera batteries also when we go on trips!  great little item, no dangling wires, only drawback is the fan noise, which is easily overcome by radio/cd playing in the car.
So far, This has been a wonderful product, it is nice and compact, and keeps the laptop running on long car trips, which we take often.
It worked great for us.  We took it in the car to play movies for our kids on the computer while on vacation.  We had no problems at all.
I've had this inverter for 5 years and it works. the fab has gotten noisier over the years especially when you first plug it in but it works.  fan  issue akes me a little worried for the long term. a bit bulky--it could get in the way of over things like your shift stick even or cup holder.
Well I've used it once and even though the fan is somewhat noisy, the outlet allowed me to watch my training dvd on my laptop and design on CAD.  I will be using it again this weekend.  I'm happy with it, yippie!  That's short for the Yuppie-Hippy!)
This was the perfect thing to buy for a long road trip. I bought it for my laptop but i was also able to plug anything into it and it worked wonderfully.
The wife and I needed to plug in our laptop computer for the long ride to CO.  This item worked perfectly.  You can hear the fan, but it is not distracting or annoying.  Locate the power outlet in your car to make sure this product will fit (the power outlet in our car is at a weird angle, tucked in the console and so this product barley fit, but we made it work!).  I would recommend!
This is a handy little utility that I bought after Ike, where we suffered 10 days of no electricity.  It is a good item to convert DC in the car to AC.  We used it a few times, and it works well with charging notebook computer/ipod as well as for heating up the electric curling iron for my girlfriend to do her hair as we go from one Christmas party to another.  The only thing is that it is not too powerful to charge large items such as bigger TV or refrigerator.  Otherwise, it is good.  Slightly noisy due to the fan inside.
I can't say about the durability because I can't get it to make anything work. I have tried using the suction machine with it~no power. It whirs and the little fan runs but what I needed it for didn't work. It might run a laptop or a video~I don't know I haven't tried that cause that wasn't what I bought it for. It is just layin in my back seat and I figure when I have my next yardsale it will be in it. But I'll have to make sure they try it on what they want to power first~cause I sure ain't giving them no guarantee.
I've been using my inverter, problem-free, for several weeks. I keep it in my work bag, and use it to power a laptop when I'm on the go. I bought this after reading the reviews, so I knew to expect fan noise. It's sort of like having your car A/C on. Other than that, I can't think of anything negative to say about it. You plug it in and it works. Pretty simple.
Have owned for over a year and this unit continues to function perfectly in my Honda Civic.  I use it to power my laptop, which draws about 80 watts when under load, as well as power small items when on long road trips.  Yes, this converter will make some fan noise (that can be easily drowned out by turning up the radio a bit), but honestly for the price and quality ... who cares.  This is a great product, and I would recommend it to anyone.
Have used it several times for different purposes and it works flawlessly. After looking at other inverters, I started to buy a cheaper one, but glad I spent the extra five bucks for this one.
Very happy with the product. Came in handy when I forgot my car charger for my laptop and only had the wall plug.
I am very pleased with this device. It allows me to use my laptop in the car. It is cheap to buy and small for travel. It does have a fan that makes noise, but I don't notice it when we are on the road, except when it is really cold outside (0F), when it whines for a bit, but then quiets down. It doesn't seem to interfere with the radio at all. It might not fit if your cigarette lighter is in a tight space, but it is fine on my car and a couple of rental cars that we used. It also worked in the plugs on American Airline's plane and was so easy to carry around! I have had other devices that were much bulkier and much more finicky about the power coming from our old car's battery. Bottom line: it is a price performer!
Item looks as given in amazon site. It works fine with notebook charging and other of general appliances. I tried charging two types of laptops - Compaq Pesario and Thinkpad T61. Only problem I see (rather hear) is sound of cooling fan inside this inverter which is high and even dominates your car AC fan at max. Point to tell here is I used in my 2007 Accord v6.Hint: Check your car power system specs before you buy this product. Checking this helps you to buy a right product.
I bought this product to safe money in car charger. The only disavantage is that this product is a little noisy.
We used this inverter while traveling on vacation by car.  We were able to power up and stay connected to our laptop computer.  Great convenience to be able to check for hotels and area attractions without having to leave the car. I would highly recommend this Xantrex Micro 175w inverter. Never heated up. Noise was minimal. Not one complaint to report.  We used it, literally, for hours and hours at a time. Even charged up our cell phone by plugging the wall charger into this inverter while in the car. I love it!
Powers my laptop, cell phone, video camera, PS2, etc with no issues.  Its loud and feels cheap though.
LOVE IT WORTH IT I HAD A BIGGER ONE HAD TO GIVE IT UP AND I FIND THIS ONE IT WORKS GOOD DOES NOT TAKES SPACE AT ALL IN MY LAPTOP CASE SO YES I W/SAY BUY IT ITS WORTH IT REALLY
Got this before my vacation for charging our phones. Works fine. NOT loud. Also powered 1 or 2 trouble lights with a compact flourescent light at home when I was working on my electric service. Gave it a 4 because it doesn't have the USB outlet. (I didn't realize it when I ordered it.)
I purchased this 175 watt inverter in early June to use in my car for powering my netbook while "on the road" over the summer.  I have used it 3 times and it works perfectly.  It is not very noisy and does not get very hot - fits my Honda's lighter fine.  I think it is a worthwhile accessory if you need a way to power a notebook or somerthing similar.  It is much cheaper than the car chargers sold for computers!
worked great, and at a great price.  Other reviewers had commented about a noise that its fan motor makes.  I hardly noticed the noise from the fan.  I would not pass on this just because of a minor and barely noticeable fan noise.
The cooling fan was making noise on initial use. After a few hours of use the cooling fan stopped working causing the unit to overheat. It could have been an isolated occurance. I sent it in for exchange. Otherwise it's a nice design.
I bought it to power a 13 inch TV for a tailgate. It worked great. Also, instead of buying a unique car adapter for each product, you can now use this product.
This nifty little converter is supplying power and charging both a macbook and toshiba satellite.  I don't know why I am reading stories about needing a special inverter for mac when this inexpensive item works well.  We are using it on board our boat.  As we have soalr trickle power to keep the battery topped off, there is no problem (yet) of battery drainage.  This was a cheap alternate to the $200 alternate offered elsewhere.
I bought this to inflate our air mattress on a camping trip to Big Sur, CA.  The air mattress is an "indoor" mattress and I was willing to shell out extra money for an outdoor so this was my $25 solution. Well the indoor mattress popped when the kids jumped on it in the tent so we had to buy a new one anyway...  Back to the Micro Inverter. Life saver!  The car charger fuse must have died on our portable DVD player on the 6 hour drive up to Big Sur, CA.  Hello Micro Inverter!!! Saved the day. The sound it makes, a slight whirring is easily drowned out by a CD playing the front part of the car while the children blissfully passed the time watching DVDS's. Great product to have in the car at all times.
Great portable inverter for the car. I am in Montana, and it works great for my cell phone, laptop, etc.
I bought this product for our trip to Florida. Product worked great everytime we used it. It charged my kids Nintendo DS, our Laptop and Video Camera multiple times without any issue. I was little skeptical about its noise which I read in some reviews but honestly, I did not even notice it. Take my advice, buy it and enjoy the product, its worth it.
Works exactly as advertised. Except for the fan noise an excellent product. Simple to set-up and use.
This converter is a little bulky at the tip. The device works great and has been very helpful when using my laptop and handheld GPS device.
This item works great. I used it to power my laptop on long distance drive and I had no problems with it. Some people complain about fan noise. It blends in with the road noise from driving just fine. If you listen for it, you'll definitely hear it, but you eventually forget it's there.
Works great and behaves as advertised. Everyone seems to be complaining about the fan noise but it's honestly not too bad. You can hear it when the car is parked or moving slowly, but the moment you drive faster than 30 or so it'll fade into the background. One complaint I have is that when I plug an iPod, iPhone, or any other audio-outputting device into this thing and then hook the iPod up to my Jetta's audio system via a 1/8 mini jack, a buzzing sound is introduced to the audio. It's very irritating.
I bought this for our trip this spring, to power my laptop and GPS unit. It works great. It even had used my electric shaver with this inverter. As for some of the other reviews complaining about excessive noise from the fan in the inverter. Road noise was louder by far than the fan.I have liked Xantrex products for a number of years. I also have a 4000watt Xanrex inverter that converts the power from my solar panels to power my house. They are good products.
The product works great but the integrated cooling fan does make noise.
I am a traveling sales guy , and I use this thing everyday, I purchased this one after I recieved 2 broken Wagon tech ones from amazon, This brand is BY FAR the most well put together, built very solid, and works well. I usually never write reviews, but I had to for this one.
Works great with my laptop and phone charger.  Don't leave in the car because it can overheat.  Only regret is wish I had dual plugs.
I received this about a month ago, and it has been a life saver.  I have chronic pain in my back, and car rides are awful for me.  This last weekend I went to Kansas City, MO (from South Dakota) and had very little trouble on the car ride.  I know it is because I was able to use my heating pad in the car!  I love this produce and would recommend it to anyone.
Excellent product! Had a chance to test it on a road trip from NJ to SC.  Had my laptop plugged in all the way. Worked great! Does make a little noise when the cooling fan kicks in but not loud enough to disturb normal conversation or interfere with your music or movie.
It worked for about a minute then it popped the fuse so I moved it to another outlet that was independently fused and it popped that fuse also even with no load it is going back today.
The inverter works well in my vehicle.  My only complaint is the noise level that the inverter creates.  Sometimes it's very quiet but when I hit rough road it becomes noisey.
I just bought this inverter to be used in emergencies, primarily to charge camera, laptop and phone batteries while on the go.Pros: It does this well and seems to charge the phone faster than the Verizon lighter charger, which it should.  Its cheaply priced and compact. If fits snugly.Cons: Like everyone said it does make a noise that is quite loud.  Actually there are 2 noises, a constant one that is like a background white noise, which I took this to be the fan.  This wasnt annoying to me and I am easily annoyed by one off noises that persist. The other noise was much more annoying and not something I would want all the time but it only does it under 20 mph so seems to be related to the amount of juice from the alternator.  It sounds like a loud vibration but the unit wasnt touching anything else. The sound goes away on the highway and the fan isnt really heard over the radio.Bottomline for the price and since I use it in emergencies and tight spots its well worth it to have it onhand and fits in the center console.
I bought my first laptop 6 years ago.  This is the inverter that came with it.  This thing works great!  I have run my laptop for 10 hours strait and never had a problem.  There have been times I've forgotten my inverter and had to go buy one from a store.  I've been through several different makes and models, spent up to $50.00, and none of them lasted a week.  After six years, and hundreds if not thousands of hours of use, my coil finally went out on my $25.00 XPower.  And I'm buying another one!
On a recent trip to Canada my daughter wanted to use her laptop to watch movies. Since we had a 12 hr drive the laptop batteries would not last that long. She used the Xantrex Power Inverter and everything worked fine.
I bought this product for a 2,137 mile road trip.  It powered my iPod dock (since the car's ancient stereo doesn't really work).  The thing is sort of big and ugly, but here's the bottom line--it worked without any trouble.  It didn't even get warm.  If I had it to do over, I would definitely buy this gadget again.
The device is very good for notebooks and other small divices. For me, I am using for buffering(waxing the car) and it is working super. It is totally worth it.
This inverter worked very well for an 11 hour journey while powering a laptop for music enjoyment.  The fan in the unit was a little loud, but it was drowned out by the music of course.  I would recommend this product to others.
A good price is just not good enough if it doesnt last.  The transformer thinngy had broken loose from the circuit board for some reason.  YOu can hear it rattle around. I dont suggest that you buy this product. This item is poorly put together. It failed after using it occasionally for 5 months. When I took it apart to look inside, it didnt look like it was made very well.
Works great when I need it.  Works great when I need it.  Works great when I need it.  Works great.
This is an excellent product. It worked 100% of what it says. I used it in car to charge my laptop and other items. Bought in 2009. I am back here to order another same piece. So thought of writing a review.
Works as described with my laptop. The fan is audible but not really noticeable if watching movies, listening to music, and/or driving. To me this was the best option for a power inverter because it small enough to pack around or store in the glove box, no wires, no need to hook up to car battery. Its plug n play and very convenient for me.
It works ok in the extreme enviroment I work in to power my notebook computer but, if the engine isn't on to run it it squeals. The fan is a bit loud too. I got a Vector 350 watt now and it's much quiter. won't work with a coffee maker though. not powerful enough.
So far I have only used it to power my laptop through the cigarette lighter, but it worked well on an 8 hour trip and never once gave me any trouble.  I especially like the small size and intelligent fan that only turns on under heavy load.  You can keep this under the seat all the time and it's there when you need it.
I've gotten a lot of use of this on long car trips.  The only downside is that it is a little loud and you need to find somewhere to lay it flat while using it.  I've been able to charge my laptop easily while also allowing my son to watch a DVD with his portable DVD player.  I've never had any problems while using it.
After opening the package, I did smell something funny, like when wires or circuit burns.  But that did not deter me from trying it.  So I went to the car to try it.I press the red/pink button, it starts (you hear the fan, and status light turns green), but as soon as I lift my finger off the button, it shuts down.  After several trys without succcess, I opted to get refund/replacement.I tried to get a replacement, this site does not provide free returns for defective items.  So I decided to return for a refund after I could not get through with any customer service.I think I was thrilled to see this product, and it seemed to work fine, started my camera battery charger,  but not for too long when I lifted my finger of the switch.Updated Dec 1, 2008:  Amazon customer service sent me another unit, and asked me to returned this damaged unit, and send them an email for the cost of returning.  After returning via USPS, I emailed them the cost, and they promptly refunded me the cost.  When you return an item, Amazon system also gets updated of the cost and they match with what you ask for.This product worked like a charm.  I tested it once in a car plugging my macbook into while I was using the computer, fan only came on once, but the sound was pretty low, only I could tell, no one else heard it, and it shut off the fan after couple of minutes.  I like this product, not bad for the price and benefits.  I couldn't change the rate later, so now I give 4 stars.
This Xantrex 400-Watt Inverter is very nice and would strongly recommend it.I have an old car and needed to wire it directly to the battery because of my older smaller wires in the dash. Other than Rewiring I have no problems with this little power house. I am in college and been finding my self sitting in my car surfing the internet and doing some classwork then my Laptop battery would go dead in about 3-5hrs... This little 400-Watt inverter has no problems powering my Laptop and recharging the batteries. I can sit for 2hrs running off my car battery (850cca) and not drain it or have to start engine to recharge because of low battery. The Unit does not pull much for a laptop but it does Pull More when charging the laptop battery and running it. I found the Fan not so noisy, a little radio drowns it out. (no louder than the Ac fan on low or medium) I have notice when my laptop battery is full and no longer charging the Inverter slows and even stops the fan because of a lighter load. The Fan only comes on when a moderate Load is their, otherwise it is dead silent and the little green light is on. Like I said the fan has turned off before with the laptop plugged in.I have 3 other Xantrex products and never had a problem with them. It is a very good product, built strong, and last long.I have not done any heavy testing on it, but a 100Watt incandescent work light light bulb and laptop running full speed does not phase this 400-Watt inverter. I have had them both on and for over and hour and still had 12+ volts in the car battery. I have a 25min drive to college and back every day and I just plug my laptop in and let it charge as I go to and from school. I have no problems with it and would definitely recommend it for the traveling Laptopers.A laptop does pull down some power and I fear any thing less than a 200watt inverter would struggle under the constant load of a laptop. The two electrical outlets are convenient, for other small electrical applications that you may need to plug in, like a printer for example.My Car is old and when I first plugged it in the Cig lighter it only worked for 10mins then the 11.00 Volt alarm would sound,and it is very loud and does not shut up until the voltage gets about 11.50volts for about 1min... This is why I had to ReWire my car (very old) and now with a new hot wire off the battery I have no low voltage alarm.Pros: Powerful, quiet when not in moderate use, small, convenient, extremely portable, Fan turns off when no load (so you do not have to unplug or turn off ever time you stop using it)Cons: low voltage 11.00volt alarm is ear shattering, Internal Fan is evident when on.
The idea that you can plug this into your car, than plug anything into it is great. It works very well to attach a stereo for a picnic, a small TV, etc.  I've even used it to connect Christmas lights for a parade I was in.  Very cool.  Don't over do it and you'll be very pleased with this purchase.
I was looking for a cost effective device to allow me to watch the TV news in my motorhome when we didn't have access to 120 volt AC power. It is small and powerful enough to accomplish that. I am satisfied with the purchase.
Was a little loud at times when the fans kicked on. Worked great untill I dropped it. I miss my homeboy
...but takes all day to charge.  Ran desk top PC great.Runs lights too.  Will not power up my (AC) coffee maker!(Not that powerfull I guess?)  Fast Fed-Ex delivery!
Para nuestro trabajo es muy bueno, sobrevivi&oacute; a una caida de unos 2 metros.No tiene la potencia como para mover un taladro robusto, pero si para recargar un Laptop u otros menores.Es claro que si tuviera mas potencia tambi&eacute;n ser&iacute;a m&aacute;s pesado y eso ser&iacute;a una desventaja. El equipo es muy liviano y la opci&oacute;n de ponerle una bater&iacute;a de auto, aumenta mucho su tiempo de trabajo.
Well I have only had the chance to use this once. I tried to start a Dodge van that had a dead battery. This unit did not have enough juice to turn the van over. It looks really nice, and seems like it is built well. The light on it is cheap but the rest of it seems nice. Maybe it would work better on smaller vehicles... Time will tell.
This has paid for itself. I have used it now for 2 years to run fans and my credit card machine at outdoor art fairs where there is no power. At home I have used it for other things, to jump the car battery, pump up bike tires, top off car tires, and even to power the sump pump during a torrential rain storm accompanied by power failure. That alone saved my carpeting, as the rainfall was so great my installed battery back-up for the sump pump could not handle it.  It does exactly what I bought it for, and more. It is ridiculously easy to use. There was a problem with a broken jack when I got the unit, but Amazon replaced it promptly.
I've owned this model for over 7 years, original battery, and it still works great.  I just jump started my dead GMC Yukon battery last week.  It goes out on the boats every summer just in case we discharge the battery, and has been a life saver many times.
The first one I got had the AC converter break beyond repair so I got another  the second one came with a radio but soon after recieving he second one the recharging light and the indictor lights stoped working, so now I have no idea if it is charging or how much the battery is depleted.This product is not reliable I would not recommend it.
We purchased this product to provide power for our lights at a small event booth.  We were using basic construction lamps with energy saving bulbs.  It worked great at the first event and then at our second, and most important event, it crapped out.  It would work for a few seconds and then stop providing power and made an odd hissing sound.  I would not recommend this as an alternative power source for appliances or lights.  I'm looking into (UPS)/ power supply for computers.[...]Le Tutor Language School
This was a great buy for what I am using it for- CAMPING! It is simple to use, and has power enough to do what I require from it. Blow up an air mattress or brew hot coffee, it's handy for a dead vehicle battery or plug in a TV or stereo.
I've had one of these units for about a year.  It's been very useful.  Jump started my (seldom used) full size pickup truck twice, my wife's Honda Civic once.  Also used the 120VAC outlet to make smoothies with a blender, just for fun.  Plenty of power.  A couple of shortcomings...  The air compressor has very small capacity (high pressure but low flowrate).  Works fine for filling basketballs and footballs.  But, when I tried to use it to blow up my daughter's inflatable wading pool...forget it.  It would have taken hours...was much faster blowing it up the old fashioned way.  Also, the jumper cables are kind of short. You have to balance the (heavy) unit somewhere in engine compartment, in close proximity to the battery, so that the clamps will reach the battery terminals.
I purchased this to use as a backup power supply for my CPAP machine. It has proven to be a very reliable ba kup source.  Without this when the power goes out I cannot sleep. I haven't used it for anything else yet but I would recommend to others. Good quality power supply.
The charging indicator light did not illuminate when plugged in . One unit worked properly for one hour, the other unit not at all. Did not want to trust this system as an emergency backup for medical equipment.
I do a lot of camping in remote areas with no power. After several trips, I realized that a portable power source would be very nice to have for safety and convenience. While I originally bought it for camping, I have found that I use it all the time for various tasks. Now I use it for pumping up my riding lawn mower tires and jumping it's battery after a long winter of sitting, inflating bike tires, topping off car tires, etcThe good -The battery lasts a fairly long time if you're running small electrical items or if you are pumping up small inflatable items. It will easily last a 3 day camping trip using it for charging phones, powering the air mattress pump, running a small radio, and recharging batteries for flashlights etc. It works good for jumping cars and is much easier and safer to use rather than trying to park another car close enough and using jumper cables. It is a bit of a pro and con with the detachable jumper cables. You can keep them detached so the cables are not in the way which is nice, but also a little bit of a pain because you have to carry around the cable separate.The battery level function is great. It is very helpful to have that simple button that you can push and find out the percentage of battery power that is left. I also really like that you can plug in multiple items into it at the same time. With the 2 AC plugs and the 12V DC outlet you have both options and can charge/power an assortment of items.The back storage area is great so you can carry the wall charger and the 12V DC charging cable inside the battery pack and not loose them. The overall build quality is very good. The worst part is just the plastic cover that flips up on the front. That cover is not quite as sturdy as I would like it to be, but it is still nice to have so your outlets don't get wet or dirty.The light is a nice touch. While it is not a powerful light, it does provide plenty of light to find the car battery and hook it up at night. It's great to have that feature so you don't have to also hold a flashlight at the same time. It's not like you are going to carry this thing around on a nighttime walk anyway.The bad-It is a little heavy, but it's a battery. Batteries are heavy. I expected this when I bought it and has not been too much of a problem for me. The Powerpack also does not quite have enough power to jump large vehicles with completely dead batteries. Don't expect to jump a heavy duty truck with a completely dead battery. There are more powerful battery packs for that. It will still have no problem jumping cars and smaller batteries. The air compressor is a slow pump. It will take a while to pump up larger items. I read other reviews about the pump motor burning out due to long usage and have stayed away from using it for extended periods. Don't expect to pump up a large air mattress, inflatable water toy, or kiddy pool. Get an air compressor for that.Other notes-This is a good general use lighter duty battery pack. If you buy it for powering small items, jumping car batteries, and pumping up tires, it will serve you well. If you are going to be powering tools, small appliances, pumping up large items, or jumping a large vehicle, then you should look into a larger pack.I have had this for a couple years and have had no problems with it and have been very happy with it.
I am a single older lady and the Xantrex XPower Powerpack does everything that it advertised.  It is simple in design.  I charged the unit and put it in  my trunk.  I know if I have a dead battery or flat tire, I will be able to fix the problem without help.  I check the battery to make sure I always have a full charge.
I bought the X Power Powerpack 400 Plus last year for powering a fan for my dogs while attending trials. I can run a small, portable fan all day and still have power left at the end of the day. It recharges in a few hours when plugged into a vehicle, or overnight when plugged into an electrical outlet. It's also handy for recharging cell phones, and I've used it to jump a dead car battery and inflate a flat tire. I searched the Internet before buying, and Amazon had the lowest price of anyone with free shipping to boot.
I was so pleased with my first unit that I purchased two more.  I own five 13Watt solar panels and each Powerpack 400 can be fully charged with a single 13Watt solar panel.  I only had to solder Radio Shack plugs to some braided hookup wire.  This is covered in the instruction manual and is really easy to do.The Powerpack batteries are cheap and easily user replaceable.  Additionally, I can hookup larger amperage batteries (using the supplied jumper cables) to the Powerpacks - thus increasing running time on each unit.Since my Radio Shack battery charger (for 9Volt, AAA, AA, and D size NMh batteries) functions with a 12Watt DC current, I can use the Powerpack to charge these little batteries when the grid power is down.
Charged for 48 hrs and never worked, returned for refund.Refund process OK, credit given.
Mine is 10 years old.  It's great for a mostly dead battery situation.  The tire pump is not much, or the light, or the wattage.  If you overtax it the inverter shuts down.  But it's portable and doesn't have acid dripping down the side of it like a normal battery.
The XPower 400+ is a great little emergency power source. This handy unit comes with jumper cables that are carried in plastic case and connect easily to the main unit via a modular plug to ensure proper hook up. In addition, it has a standard 12v DC plug for car accessories and two 110v AC plugs for running lights or very small appliances (this drains the battery fast). The air pump is fairly weak and I'm not sure how well it would work on our car tires, but we have used it to inflate bike tires.We used the AC plugs to run lights at a booth in an outdoor craft show and was very pleased with the 4 hours or so we were able get out of it. We keep one in the car and bought a second one to keep in our house since we have frequent power outages.UPDATE 8/19/2011 - this unit finally stopped holding a charge after 6 years of use (I really did get my money's worth out of it) and have replaced it withDuracell DPP-600HD Powerpack 600 Jump Starter & Emergency Power Source with RadioHighly Recommended!CFH
Only 1 time use & no more working....don't buy this product..
I bought this for emergencies and for it's multiple uses.  Somehow, I have needed almost all of it's features since I purchased it.  Let me review each;Jump starting a car: Worked flawlessly and repeatedly.  We had a minivan that was used quite infrequently and had a dead battery in it.  One thing to note: the jumper cable is fairly short.  We had to have a stool or someone holding the unit to jump start the vehicle.  It did not reach from the bumper to the battery.Powering a portable DVD player/DC:  It worked well and gave over 2 hours of play.  It probably could have provided more.Powering laptop & Air mattress pump(AC): Used briefly with laptop without problem.  The air mattress pump worked well off the plug and was used repeatedly on the campsite.  It made a very convenient combination.  The drain on the battery was negligible.Light:  Too heavy for a flashlight, but good for lighting up an area or room during a power outage.  Easier to remember where this was put and batteries didn't need to be checked.  Surprisingly useful, even at home.Compressor:  The big let down.  The air compressor gets hot pretty quickly.  This is perfectly fine if you are topping of a slightly flat tire or inflating a basketball, but I would not trust this to inflate a real flat or anything large.  I'd rather buy a cheap compressor and plug it into this thing.  This is perhaps the weakest link in the device and that seems to be correspond with other reviews.All in all: a fine portable power unit with multiple uses.  It's a nice tool for a vehicle, camping or in an emergency.  Read the instructions and warnings before use.  This isn't intended for use with all electric devices.
Have used this for power at primitive campgrounds. It will run my camper lights, charge my phone, & run my air pump to blow up my air mattress, also have used it numerous times to get others cars jump started.
I get this product to use as a backup power supply for trips outside the city.You can inflate de air matress, connect some ligths.Great product!CW
This is a great item. I own a condo and wanted a back-up easy to store and useful.  This is it.
After reading some of the reviews on this item, I was a bit skeptical.  I decided to take a chance, since the price was far better than anything similar out there.  I bought this item primarily for power at outdoor events, to operate a sound system and run an electric fan.  I am typically at these events for close to 8 hours at a time, and was expecting to totally exhaust the power supply.  Surprise! I went through an entire day's event with still 75% power remaining! I have also found lots of uses for it while traveling, like running my daughter's portable DVD player and recharging her game-boy in the car. We will also have a reliable power source for our frequent storm related outages in the home.  Overall, a fantastic bargain, with many, many uses!
This battery pack was given to me as a gift specifically so that I had something capable of filling a motorhome's tires while on the road. When I tried to fill the tires, however, the unit overheated and started to smoke. It never was able to put the pressure over 95 lbs and my tires needed 105 lbs. I contacted Xantrex and they were good about sending me a replacement. However, the replacement did the same thing! Totally unable to fill to the proper pressure and started to heat and smoke as time went on. They worked fine for normal car tires, though it was a slow process. Now, even normal tires, the unit starts to smoke and overheat. My efforts to try to start the engine of a car with a low battery has never worked either! It just doesn't have the juice to do it and I've had to jump start it with normal jumper cables. All above testing has been done with the Xantrex battery at 100% charge (as shown on the digital display). On the replacement battery, however, the digital display stopped working. I finally just had to write this review so that others can be aware of this experience.
Bought this for camping - used it once with no problems.  When we got back we plugged it in (the manual says you can leave it plugged in all the time)a couple of weeks later I noticed the display was flickering, when I unplugged it the display did nothing (it should show percentage of charge or amp draw depending which 'mode' you're in) The 'customer support' number listed in the manual is not a good number, so I went through a process of requesting online support - 2 days later I got an email back asking me to call a different support number and supplied a 'case number'.  20 minutes on hold later, Xantrex told me to talk to Amazon, I told him I was out of my 30 day 'return window' with Amazon.  The product has a 90 day warranty, and I was within that, but he insisted it wasn't their problem, but Amazon's.  I sent an email to Amazon and they are going to allow a return, which I really appreciate, but still feel Xantrex really let me down, not to mention I still need one of these!
This is my second purchase of this item.  It is really useful, whether inflating flat tires, charging a dead car battery, or powering a fan or TV at the football game.  I am sold on this back-up power source.
Bought this in 2005 and it is still going strong.  Have used it at least 5 times to jump various vehicles and it has always worked flawlessly (instructions on back are a nice reminder).  Have also used it during power outages and AC power works very well (just struggled a bit powering both a lamp and high powered fan at high speed).I don't see anything after a quick look today that has the light, tire pump, DC and AC power supply and jumper cables.  Everything you need and nothing you don't.My only gripe is the lack on built in storage for the jumper cables or the chargers (AC and DC can't both fit inside the back compartment).
Like many other reviewers here, I agree, "THIS WORKS AS ADVERTISED." Thanks, Xantrex. I've bought three, two I use regularly, one I gave to a contractor after we used it to refill his slow-leak tire.26 pounds is a luggable weight. For me, this is about the right weight considering the tradeoff between portability and battery life.A few notes. I'm using my two powerpacks in an off-grid RV. I also have a generator. They stay plugged in, so when I run the generator, they are being charged. And when the generator is off, the first powerpack lets me stay connected to a wireless internet service (the dish needs a little power from its connected USB/power cable). And the second powerpack lets me power a nice bright little halogen reading lamp at night for a few hours (the 12V lights are fine for navigation, but not so great to read by). And they are both handy to recharge the cell phone during long calls. I have also used it twice to start a vehicle with a drained battery and it worked fine (except for a badly fitting connection, see below).If you have to run from a generator for any extended time, they will really save your generator. I figure they cut my generator time by two-thirds. Which saves me fuel, and the life of my generator, but more importantly lets me enjoy the peace and quiet of the wilderness.I wouldn't try to run a heater or a fan off of them. But either one, fully charged, will more than double the time I can use my laptop from about 5 hours (with the big battery) to about 10 hours. So if weight is not an issue (if, for instance, you are a road warrior roaming around in a vehicle instead of an airplane), this is a helluva deal compared to buying more laptop batteries, or having to run your car just to recharge your laptop.Here are my only complaints:* while charging from an AC connection, it would be nice to see the level of charge; currently, I have to unplug it, then press the button, then plug it back in again* the cigarette-lighter 12v connection to recharge from the car is sticky--not a good fit; also the charging light does not come on to let me know it's working* the jumper cable connection to 12v is REALLY sticky, I had to break off a piece of the plastic on one of them to get it seated--the people in the factory who were making each part clearly weren't talking to each other that day--and why this particular kluge is ugly is that when you need to jumpstart your car, chances are your nerves are already a little frazzled, and having to jam the connection to get it working had me swearing* 20 amp hour battery just does not last that long--like all of these devices, optimistic estimates of usage time should be cut by one-third to one-halfOtherwise, really, I think every household should have at least one of these. At this price and weight, it just can't be beat. You'll be happy you have it when you need it. So will anyone you buy it for.
I bought this mainly for some kind of backup power during our hurricane season in Florida.I tested the following items separately to see what kind of duration I'd get:Dell Inspiron 8100 laptop - 4.8 hours before alarm sounded (uses 70 watts)Emerson 13 inch color tv  - 4.1 hours before alarm sounded (uses 72 watts)The unit actually came almost fully charged for me.  When recharging after totally drained it took about 30 hours until I got the solid green light.  One person had a great idea, during a power outage for a couple days, and after using up all the juice in the generator, he used his car to recharge it.  It says it would take 3 hours to charge a fully drained generator through the cigarette lighter but when you don't have power for a week, that's a nice way to keep the unit going.Fred
This is a solid product.  I didn't think I needed the built-in air compressor, but it suddenly saved the day for a few bike tires.  And after you deflate your vehicle tires for beach travel, you can get back to street pressures without a lot of hassle.  The Powerpack 400 is a bit pricier for a reason - it packs more ampere-hours into a small unit.  I take it camping into remote locations where I'm guaranteed that I won't have to walk out due to a dead battery.  So then I'm comfortable running some low wattage lights in my tent.  I can even watch a DVD movie on my iMac G5 computer without running out of power.  It recharges using the car's cigarettte lighter and, while you're at home you can leave it on the AC-DC charger indefinitely.  A super product, compact product.
After charging the unit for 24 hours, I could not get the inverter to turn on.
Xantrex inverters commonly fail in these units, after the 6 month warranty has expired; these failures invariably occur during trips, creating emergency situations. They do not take the units back for repairs; and new batteries are not available ! Over the past 6 years, I have had 3 of them fail. If they could come up with a high quality inverter and make the batteries available, these units would be excellent. Two of their technical support personel have told me that I need to buy a new unit when something goes wrong.
I had had one of these power packs for several years. The battery was getting weak and I was about to just purchase a battery. I found the new power pack on Amazon for about the same price as a battery. It is in my opinion the best power pack to buy for the money. Also I have not had much luck with replacement batteries. It could only be made better if it had a built in FM radio like one of the other makers has.
I am very pleased with this unit, it has all the features one needs when traveling to places without power when camping and can be recharged by plugging it back into your vehicle. It provided over 20 hours of run time on a single charge using small appilances on it and took 3 hours to recharge from the 12V vehicle plug provided with the unit. Remember, you need to have your vehicle running or you will run down the cars battery.
I purchased this to bring along on car trips to power-up laptops, cell phones, and for car trouble.  Caution:  It's heavy.  So keeping this in the backseat of your car for extended periods of time isn't a good idea since you'll be hauling an extra 20 - 30 pounds for nothing (wasting gas).Aside from the sheer heft of this unit, it takes 10+ hours to recharge full (I think the manual says 14 hours?).  So recharge a day ahead of your road trip.This unit is terrific otherwise.  I use it daily to recharge my cell phone(s) while I keep this at home.  It hasn't failed me yet (after a few months of use).
I have had two of these units for years. I take them with me to run my CPAP machine when I am camping. One pack FULLY CHARGED will run a CPAP machine for approximately 8+ hours. I have also run power tools on occasion with this resource. The unit is the best value you are going to get on a small battery pack at a reasonable price. But always keep in mind: if you do not charge the battery inside this pack at least once per month, the capacity for holding a charge will diminish over time and ultimately die. While you can unscrew the face plate on the pack and remove the battery for replacement, it is impossible to find stateside the particular type of battery which is used, given the unique post and cable set up, and the manufacturer (a Canadian outfit) does not respond to emails or phone calls, and lists no availability of a replacement battery for sale in its on-line store. I knock off a star because of the practical inability to replace the battery. Years ago these units could be picked up on sale at your local sears for $67. But while they remain the identical product they have risen dramatically in cost like everything else. Actually, the Amazon price of $101, particularly with free shipping, is a good current deal on this pack.
I bought this 1.5 years ago and used it on occasion.  Recently, I noticed that the LED display started acting finicky and would not always display.  The problem quickly worsened to the point that now the LED will not display at all (no matter what) even though the unit still provides power as before, and even though it appears that the unit still can charged with the included A/C adapter.The lack of a working LED display is very annoying because I will no longer get feedback as to how much power is left in the battery, or how many watts are being consumed when using the unit.  Since the warranty only lasts 6 months, I'm out of luck.I tried temporarily disconnecting the battery and reconnecting it to see if that would "reboot" the display but it did not help.  I also tried removing the battery altogether and opening up the plastic case of the unit to see if there were any loose connections inside that would cause the display to fail but did not find any.  Some of the connections are in compartments that didn't seem accessible.  Looks like I'll just have to live with the lack of the LED display.The only LED that still works is the one that lights up the power switch of the inverter.Another complaint I have is that the clear plastic covers that protect the inverter and 12/V stockets are awkward to flip open because it is hard to get a good grip with my fingertips.UPDATE:  The LED seems to be working again.  I have no explanation as to why it wasn't working before or why it is working again.  Looks like the LED problem is intermittant.  Battery was certainly sufficiently charged the whole time.
This arrived missing the cap for the light.  It doesn't seem to last very long at all before it loses power - it is simply powering a motion-activated remote camera, and will not go two days.  The button that is supposed to cause battery strength to be displayed when pressed - doesn't work most of the time.  I would never buy this again.
I've used this for the last 4 seasons to power an Atec Hitting Streak pitching machine.  It has enough power to run thru the entire 12-kid team with a good amount of pitches for each to hit.  I've also used this to power lap-tops and various other electronics on road trips.  I sometimes remember to put it back in the car (at least I do remember to take it on long trips) but have never had to use it for that purpose yet.  From what I can tell it still seems to have as much power as when I first bought it.  I highly recommend this power pack.
Bought this product for our scheduled camping trip in August.  The unit arrived with a defect. First, The display button that is suppose to give you the number of watts drawn by your load (through the inverter) is not functioning, it displays zero all the time.  Second, according to the manual if you press the display button the second time, it should give you the remaining battery life in percent. But even this, is not functioning too. Third, When you turn on the main switch with the load already plugged in, the cooling fan (pressumably for the compressor) most the time will kick-in thus eating up extra juice from your battery. So I then called amazon and they were so quick to send me a replacement but it is unfortunate that no luck for me because the second unit that they sent me, is as bad as the first one so I am going to send it back to them.
I must say, you will not get this kind of device for this price!.i buy one of this and i are amazed how versatile is, a little heavy. but no matter.1- the running time for the build in power inverter is very good.2- build in flash light, work when you need!.3- air compressor. not very powerfull, but do your work.4- the jump start feature. you can jump start a truck with no problemmany features for a single pack, he will work well. of course if you donot abuse. every system have limit! like you know.for me is an excellent product! i love it!!!!!!
bought this to use as a power supply for an Itec Lansing boom box for Ipods.  Used to re charge energizer D batteries.  This was a very long task.  Now I charge my Powerpack 400 during the week (about 18 hours) and i'm good for 3 rounds of golf on the weekend.  i have had zero problems and i even used to air my car tires (took a few minutes to go up 3 psi).had it for one month.  totally satisfied.
I paid $89 in 2007 (thought it was less) in deals of the day;  I cannot tell you how many times this has been used.  I have used the tire inflator for both cars and bikes regularly, I have jumped my own car several times and other peoples, I have used all three power plugs and the flashlight when I had to jump my neighbor's car in the middle of the night when it was in my driveway.  Today I used it for the third time with a person I care for as a nurse, there was a power outage and he was stuck in his lift chair nor could he return to bed without power to his bed and air mattress.  I only regret not buying the limit, three, at the deal of the day price!
I read many of the reviews I saw and while many seemed somewhat negative, I thought I'd give this a try. The packages arrived in good shape and there was no product damage (ground shipping). They were near fully charged so no delay there. Used the one unit to power our DVD player and the bigger unit for odds and ends. After three days, they both still had a fair charge left and had not quit yet.The only negative is that the one unit has a radio that kept comming on at odd times. I still haven't fixed that problem yet, but I will.
Don't want to go to the gas station for air? This is perfect. Just take it out and fill up your tires. Haven't had to jumpstart with it yet, but I charge it every 3 months to keep it ready. Better safe than sorry.
This item was a replacement for a similar model that we have used for years.  It is wonderful for emergencies, but also for outdoor activities that require portable power, compressed air or a quick "jump."  Very affordable and simple to use.
I've had it for ten days and it has the power. I've used it to power my stereo, and my handheld TV, and charge my cell-phones. I only have solar power and it is on the fritz, and I don't get much in winter anyway. I recharged it after a week though it still had some charge. The indicator of charge stopped working after a week and I'm not sure if it's worth sending back.  The manual doesn't make it clear whether you should let it be completely discharged before charging it again.
I purchased one of these for myself and liked it so much I purchased one for my father's birthday gift.  This unit is perfect for jump starting cars, airing up basketballs etc., and even larger tires on SUV's.  While I have a large compressor at home, this unit makes the job much easier that firing up my compressor and routing the cord to all 4 tires!  The only negatuve is the gauge tha measures how much pressure you have in a tire etc. is not accurate.  This unit is excellent for surviving power outages!  Simply plug in your tv and a light and you can go for hours, typically your power will be back on well before the battery runs dead.  I leave my plugged up about all the time and it has performed well.  Would definetly recommend this product and Amazon's price is the best!
Tom is very happy with the Xantrex XPower Powerpack 400, he has used it twice in the first week he got it.  Thank you for the fast service.  I own the [...] business, and people are pleased with the product and the customer service.  It will speak for it's self.  Keep up the good work.  M.K.
So-far so good on the Powerpack 400. So far I've used it to jump my car, inflate more than a few tires and power my laptop when the battery ran low, and so far it's come through like a champ. At $80 with free shipping (when I bought it), the price was right, and when I compared it to similar units, it just seemed like the more versatile, robust unit available at this particular price point. So far it's gone through the paces and worked like a champ. If you need something like this to power your appliances on a trip or have a little extra security when things go wrong, you could definitely do worse.
A plastic gear in the compressor was stripped after just one year of use (the compressor was used maybe 5 times).Xantrex would not service the unit (at any cost), sell a replacement gear, or provide any discount on a replacement unit.Don't buy this.
This all-in one power system is really great.  It's saved me a couple of times with respect to low air pressure on my car tires.It's super handy when you go camping, and all your friends with ooh and ahh because you can make blended margaritas with it's power output capacity =)I've had no problems with this unit (owned it for 6 months now).Buy it and leave it in your trunk for emergencies.  You just need to make sure it recharges every 3 to 4 months, as is the case with any rechargable battery (they lose charge over time).  But plugging it in overnight will give you another 4 months of standby power.
WORKS GREAT.KIDS WATCH 15"TV-DVD PLAYER ALL NIGHT WHILE WE WERE CAMPING ON THE RIVER AND THE NEXT DAY IT JUMP STARTS THE BOAT NEXT TO US.GREAT TO CARRY JUST IN CASE.
The nozzle packet was not included in the delivery and Xantrex is making it difficult to get it.
This model is designed for car emergencies (it has a trouble light, jump starts a dead battery with its own suppplied very high quality cables and will inflate a tire), but we bought it for camping trips so we could power a regular fan on hot days and recharge our cell phones. It did both very well--running a good size fan for about an hour a day for five days and recharging four cell phones daily. Its a big lead acid battery in the shape of an old eighties boom box. Because it is essentially a car battery, it is fairly heavy (@ 23 lbs), but it has two sockets rigged to an inverter for AC devices and a standard car DC input. It charges up much faster than it says to expect from a wall socket--just a few hours, and is said to do so faster direct from the car; you get adapters to do both. We will keep it out in the open in case the power goes out.  A great investment.
Unit operates pretty much as advertised. Charges well. We used it camping. We definitely drained it out, but it was a big help in the "primitive" no power site we had.
It's a nice little item that lives up to it's promises.  I bought it as a second unit to the 5200.  The addition of the compressor is great; this one is better suited to carry in a vehicle.  It is also great to use as power in a second room in the house (for lighting, etc.) during a power failure.  For me, it is much better than having to deal with a gas powered generator.
good value. performs as featured. after several months/road trips, still performing well and don't know why I didn't get one earlier.
I used this to power a low-wattage shop light 2 or 3 times, then it stopped working.  Through email with the company, they told me that the inverter had failed and they wouldn't replace the unit without a reciept.  This was a gift to me, so no receipt and they refused to do anything more to help.
Use this as an inexpensive way to power studio lights. Does not work with every type,surprisingly with low cost mono-lights it was perfect, refresh time under a second and never runs out off juice.Eat that, 1000 dollar+ power packs!I also use it on my boat for a GPS (12V), simple and lasts forever. And I jump-started my motorcycle with it and inflated our bike tires. Plus it has a nice bright adjustable work light. Unfortunately it does not brew coffee........This unit (or a similar type for that matter)should be in every household. Period.
Bought this through Amazon because they sale it at a lower price then what others sale it for and free shipping to.But the Powerpack works like a charm,best if you charge it for more than 35 hours before useing.But it has everything you need if you go camping or just useing it around the house.If it gets to hot(Esp. when useing the air pump) it will automatically shut down untill it has cooled down,it shocked me at first when it happend thinking I just fried the thing,so don't let it run for to long.It has 2 AC outlets for small appliances.Has indicater to show how much percent of power is left and how much juice you are useing when useing the AC outlets.It has everything you need in case of an emeregency either away on the road or at home.A great size and easy to carry and handel.It has a cigerate liter port for charging the Pack or useing a device that has that type of plug. 5 stars ........
I am very pleased with this product so far.  I used it daily for about a week.  I kept my cell phone charged and powered my lap top while camping.  I thought I'd be able to run my lap top longer than it did but it could also be the lap top sucking power to charge it's own dead batteries.  Recharge time was better than expected.
This is the best Item,I already own one and have used it now for two years. This will be the second one,and will go in my car. I gave the first one to my husband,he loves it!
This is a great product to have in case of emergencies but also works when a neighbor needs a jump start.  Easy to use and reliable.  Just remember to keep it charged before a long road trip.
works as advertised, have used several times for power, air supply, jumped a car battery, much easier than using another car.  very handy & useful for emergencies as well as everyday convenience
I bought this unit in order to have emergency power for my C-PAP breathing machine. Upon examination the 110 volt power receptacles did not work. The compressor, 12 volt power, light, and jumper cables worked just fine.During a recent summer storm we lost power and I could not sleep. VERY annoying. Very disappointing.
I received a Powerpack 400 Plus in February and was at once impressed with the battery run times which were in most cases longer than advertised. The Powerpack really came in handy when it was used to provide compressed air ,for testing purposes, to a plumbing system which was being installed in our cabin.The AGM battery is great and I keep it on float charge 24/7. I have not yet used all the features of the Powerpack but feel confident that they will also prove to be useful and work as advertised.
I have had this product for at least 4 years.  I have used it for many different purposes. Just recently my truck battery went dead and I had to use it several times to start my truck before I could get the battery replaced.  As a jumper pack it is awesome.  The cables are very good, heavy gauge cable, but another foot longer would be helpful.  The air compressor works well too, although it is slow and time consuming.  The light is handy but I would like for them to upgrade to brighter LED light.  I rarely used the inverter, but it works as advertised.Unless I use the compressor often I only really charge the unit two to three times per year. I like to fully charge the pack before winter comes, when the temp drops and then after winter as well.I got one of these for my father about a year before I purchased mine and he used it all the time for work, often running a laptop or DVD player off of the outlets.  The battery recently died and will not hold a charge, but it can be replaced fairly easy for around $40(UPG Sealed Lead Acid Battery - 12 Volt, 18 Amps).  The unit also has a massive fuse in the back that can be replaced if necessary (haven't had to do it yet).If I had to spend the money again, I would definitely purchase this same pack. The charge indicator comes in handy.  With just the push of a button a digital display tells you the remaining charge level 0-100%.  The last time I used this pack before I recently fully charged it, the pack sat in my truck tool box for several months.  My truck battery was dead and the pack only read 10%.  I didn't think it would turn my truck over, but sure enough it did.  This is the kind of security and dependability I would purchase again.  For $100 dollars that buys a lot of peace of mind.
This thing saved me!  I was 400 miles from home when my battery died.  Luckily I had the portable back-up power source to easily jump start my car.  What a relief.  Absolutely fabulous for running a blender while camping but couldn't handle the electric coffee maker (probably due to the heat element).  I would definitely recommend this product.
This review is for the Xantrex XPower Powerpack 400 Plus Portable Backup Power Source.I bought this unit five years ago to provide emergency lighting during power outages. You can plug a normal lamp into either of the two AC outlets on the unit. When the lamp is equipped with a CFL bulb, you can enjoy the illumination equivalent to a 100 watt bulb with only 23 watts of power required. Using a CLF bulb with this unit will allow you to enjoy normal lighting for hours and hours. Obviously, if you use a 60 watt CFL bulb (13 watts actual power required) the battery in the power pack will last much longer. Using normal lamps is sure a lot better than using candles.If the battery discharges prior to restoration of normal AC power to the house, you can recharge the battery by attaching it to your car's battery and running the car for a few minutes.Although I did not buy this unit to jump start my car (with the included cables), I have used it for this purpose twice. In both cases, the car's battery was completely dead, and my normal Everstart jump starting battery would not jump start the car. This Xantrex power pack had absolutely no problem starting the car. Having it available to jump start my car just one time paid for itself (as far as I am concerned).This device can also be used to run your laptop computer and/or recharge the laptop's battery. You can either plug your laptop into one of the two AC outlets of the inverter, or (if you have a car power supply for your laptop) you can plug your laptop into one of the 12 volt DC plugs. In the same way, you can also recharge your cellphone.I highly recommend these to anyone who lives in an area where power may be lost (due to heavy rains, winds, hurricanes, etc.) Just make sure you get some low-wattage CFL bulbs to use with it.
Very nice unit and works as promised so far. Unsure how long battery will last before needing replacement but excellent product so far and works as described.
I already had one of this type of powerpack and loved it so I bought another.  These are great for charging up and keeping in the car or keeping in the house in case you lose power.  The pump is a little weak for car tires but it's only for emergencies.
I have read the numerous reviews on this Xantrex 400.  I most recently purchased the Duracell 450 and hope it's as good as my current Xantrex 400.  I bought my Xantrex 400 in 2005-2006 and as of today it's at 50-65% capacity.  I had done some bench tests with a 100 watt high efficiency light bulb.  The Duracell 300 powerpack I just bought gave me over 4 hours of run time, while my old Xantrex 400 gave me a little over 2 hours.  This told me the battery life has degraded.However, I used to keep it in a closet in my home and DID NOT do the proper recharging intervals as recommended.  I realize these things don't last forever, but if properly maintained, you should expect 6-8 years out of them with light use and not abuse them.  Mine are simply used for emergency power, the occasional jump start and car tire PSI top off.  It's helped me out a few times with a flat tire that was leaking slowly but was able to inflate and get the car to a repair shop.Just remember, religiously follow the recommended recharging intervals and you will be fine.  Sadly though, I wouldn't recommend anyone keeping this unit in their car because even the manufacturer lists a few restrictions that could impede its performance with high heat or extremely cold temperatures.  Since it makes it useless for that, you may want to find a jump-start system dedicated for that purpose built to withstand the temperature variations.
This powerpack pretty much works as advertised.  The coolest thing is the builtin 400 Watt inverter which allows you plug in almost any AC powered device.  Great for emergency power or just portable camping power!  Unit charges quickly using the supplied DC adapter or in about a day using the supplied AC adapter.The only drawback is that the builtin air compressor isn't fan cooled so it can only operate about 10-15 minutes at a time before it over heats and air flow could be higher.  Another option would be to plug in a high flow, heavy duty air compressor into the builtin 12V outlet or inverter.
I tell ya this was given to the wife and I years ago as a Christmas gift by our friends. About a year ago the battery stopped taking a charge. Even today nearly ruined as that battery was it still had enough ummmph to pump up my lawn tractor tires before finally dying for good. I found a replacement battery on the net that is  slightly different at 18 amp hours instead of the 20 AH the original is rated at. I doubt it will make much diff though.The point of this review is that I did not realize just how great this Xanex unit was until I bought a new one at O`Reilly Auto Parts only to discover after fully charging it that it was absolutely worthless even for a 14 HP lawn mower! Well, the light still worked but its no brighter than my key ring light to tell you the truth. Why they'd even bother to stick that thing on there is beyond me?Anyway, I borrowed a good jump start from my buddy who runs a garage and UHaul rental service. His was Snap On like $450 or so he said. It barely turned over my 460 V8 in my F350 used UHaul truck which I needed it for a time when I went to move it but it managed to get me running at least. Ironically this Xanex unit started that same engine with hardly any change in how it cranked normally from the truck battery, that is when it worked. Impressive. Whats more impressive is that all the components, IE, tire pump, gauge, light, DC outlet, electrical outlets and digital read outs are all accurate and work well! I've used three different power units of this type now. That isn't many but both the others were offering the same things. This Power Pack 400 seems to perform those advertised tasks better than the ones I've used. I mean if the thing can crank a 460 V8 its worth its salt! I know this one will because I've done it and I've also turned over a big straight six out of my 1955 IHC Harvester pick up as well as my Jeep V6 motor and my Lincoln Navigator 5.4 Liter V8 as well as my riding mower on occasion. I've owned this 400 unit for at least 8 years and that is probably conservative as it may well be over 10 years now and all the stuff on it still works. It has traveled the country in the back of my truck, and it has jump started and charged for me repeated times as well as provided radio power and emergency lighting in our storm shelter for us during more than one tornado passing over which is common in Oklahoma.Although the plastic lid cover lost one of the prongs that helps hold it in place this jump start has always worked well for us until when it finally did not do that anymore it was just a matter of buying a replacement battery for $65 after shipping to fix the issue. You can't argue with performance like that in my opinion and I honestly don't think for twice the money that even the Snap On model really offers anymore than this one does other than perhaps a smaller footprint for storage, and a higher price tag! For what ever that is worth you could buy two of these and still not spend what the Snap On costs and honestly they compare well for everything except the Snap On does not even offer a tire pump or built in gauge like this one does. The instructions say to recharge this after each use and to charge it every so often even if it is not used. I've never done that and it still gave me many years of service. Perhaps if I had followed the directions I would not even need a battery yet to replace the original.
I bought the xpower powerpack for powering some electronics on my Boston Whaler.  I have been using it for about a month. It has been exposed to some harsh conditions, left out in the rain, exposed to salt spray, among other things.  It works as advertised, and the battery life seems to be a little longer than spec.  I have not used the air compressor.  Everything else works like a charm.  No problems to report.  I would buy it again.
It takes about 2-3 minutes to inflate a 44psi max 15" low profile tire on a '91 Acura legend.While inflating the fourth tire, the compressor failed.Total run time was under 10minutes and I let the unit rest 2-4 minutes between tire inflations.I have not tried the other functions.
A record October snowstorm massacred the trees in my town on Saturday, 10/29/2011.  Some 800,000 families within an hour's drive lost their power.  My power was out for five days.  Outdoor temps were below freezing every night.My furnace is fueled by natural gas, but it also requires 105 watts of electricity to function.  I completely disconnected the house wiring from the furnace and temporarily wired in a heavy duty 110V plug.  Essentially, I temporarily converted the furnace into a plug-in appliance.  The Xantrex went into my Camry, with the powerpack's 12V input plugged into the cigarette lighter and with the engine idling.  An outdoor extension cord suitable for far more than 105 watts brought the powerpack's 110V output back to the furnace.I ran the furnace this way for about 1.5 hours, twice a day, during the outage.  Interior temps were cool at times, but never uncomfortable.
Right well it's brilliant, apply, tap it on, and smooth it. Use it a bunch.Lasted me all season, half+ left.
Purchased for trip to Alaska (in summer).  Fortunately didn't have to use it much.  Kept us dry, while being very light and easy to pack in a bag.  Even with a small suit for me at 5'8" 150lb, they are on the baggy/bulky side, but it does make it easy to throw on over sweaters and whatnot.  Only complaint, is that when the hood is up you can't hear much cause of the crinkling around your ears... it's the nature of the type of material though, so you can't do much about that.
I bought this rain suit to use while riding my motorcycle, on the advised of a friend, and I love it.  The old suits would make you sweat so much, I often didn't wear one, but this one is comfortable and dry.
I ordered this product for my husband as a Christmas gift.  It came to our house within 3 days.  It was packaged very sturdy.  I was very impressed with the quality and speed of obtaining this product.  I will recommend this to others.
Service was excellent.  Item arrived as described. It is not a heavy duty item, but it did not come with a heavy duty price tag. Purchased for walking the dogs during summer down pours. Heavy brush should be avoided. I had seen  this frequently advertised and decided to give it a try. Living on the edge!
Just use it with the neem oil for my plants - and it has worked great for that.  To make it really pay for itself I really need to figure out how to use it for other things.  But I assume it will work just as well for whatever I use it for. Good company.  Good product.
I found this product at a local organic grocery store yesterday and I love it so far. I've cleaned my kitchen counters and sink, and today I tried it for washing my dishes and was very pleased with it. I am feeling like this product might just be a keeper. It's expensive, granted, but it's very concentrated and a little goes a long way. It smells like pine, but not like fake pine and it's very pleasant. I might just have to buy more of this.
Unless you're going to buy a gallon size, this is the best deal price wise.  I'll never wash my dishes with soap from the grocery store again---Sal-Suds is superior, by FAR!!!
A tiny little bit goes a long way! It is very concentrated so be careful to dilute.The same amazing quality as in all of the Dr Bronner's products.
I use this in place of so many other cleaning products.  A little goes a long way.  I even use it to clean my toilet and car.
I use the castile bath soaps and love them and wanted to try a less harsh home cleaner.  This product performs as well as any degreaser I have ever used and it takes a drop (literally) so for the price it is truly a bargain.  It has a very light pine scent that I prefer over heavy pine scented brand (you know which one I am talking about).  I put a few drops in a spray bottle full of water and use it around the kitchen and bathrooms.  I will continue to purchase this and other Dr. Bronner's products.
I came upon Sal Suds while searching for a healthier and cheaper alternative to a multi-purpose household cleaner. I use it to wash clothes and also mix some with water in a spray bottle to clean the bathroom. The scent is a pleasant pine that isn't overpowering or artificial. I actually don't mind it on my clothes when I use it for handwashing certain items. You don't have to use much for it to develop a nice frothy, soapy mix. I would buy it again.
I love Dr. Bronner's for my hair and body, so I was excited to try it in my home cleaning routine as well. This is great as a laundry detergent. It smells like pine needles and does a great job of cleaning clothes. A little goes a long way, as it is highly concentrated and super sudsy.
I love the clean sent of Sal's suds and it rinses better than using traditonal Dr. Bronner's Castiles for cleaning.  YOu only need a very small amount for a very large cleaning power.  I love that it is biodegradable and there are no harmful ingredients.
I LOVE this product. I started using it months ago, and it is now the only cleaner I use around my house. It cleans everything - counters, floors, windows, doors, tables, electronics, bathroom, etc. I haven't yet tried to clean my dishes with it, but that's next. Two things in particular stand out about this product for me:1. Long-lasting: I bought this bottle several months ago, and it is still almost full. A little reeeally goes a long way. So it lasts an extremely long time, saving me money. Love this.2. No harsh chemical smell: I've got severe chemical sensitivities to cleaning products you buy at the store, and I don't react at all to this stuff. When it gets on my hands, there is no irritation whatsover. Despite its lack of chemicals, honestly it works just as well as the conventional cleaning products do.I think Sal Suds deserves 10 stars.
What do you need liquid cleanser for? To clean surfaces, right? Why get this particular product? Because it's natural, it biodegrades and it's from a company with honorable business practices. So win, win, win. Not much more to say. Great all around.
I am allergic to laundry detergent, and this provides a very nice-smelling alternative. Laundry is one of the uses it advertizes. I am a great fan and can't buy it in any of my local stores, so I have to wait until I go into a major city and get it or buy it online. $1-$2 cheaper online than in a store per bottle, but worth it in my case. Especially since I have Amazon Prime. I just wish they shipped the gallon size. I will be supremely happy when that day comes.
I just love this stuff. I am addicted to the scent and it cleans really well. Just a couple of tablespoons in a 32 ounce spray bottle of water, makes a great all purpose spray. Even works on windows.I have even used it on dishes, when running out of dish detergent.I use it full strength on baked on stuff on the stove.I also use a spray bottle in the bathroom to which I added tea tree oil as a disinfectant.I just reordered another bottle. It does last a long time as its so concentrated.
I've made the switch to all-natural cleaning products and I'm always looking for a product that not only does the job, but exceeds my expectations.  I LOVE this product and everything Bronner's.  I use it clean nearly everything in my house.  It cleans floors (ceramic and wood) without leaving any stickiness or dullness.  I wash dishes with it, particularly my hummingbird feeders because it leaves nothing behind.  You only need a few drops in a small cleaning bucket to get the job done.  A 32-oz bottle will last several months.  When you're using it, it smells like pine (but not artificial or overwhelming) but the scent dissipates quickly, which is good for those with allergies.
I am a huge fan of Dr. Bronner's soap. I love how long it lasts and that it is made without chemicals. I have tried most of the soaps and have nothing bad to say about them.
I almost automatically hit the &#34;add to cart&#34; button because I use several of the Dr. Bronner's  products. However, I did look at the ingredients and found SLS. I know that some of the posts say that you are not using this as a body soap, but the damage is to the environment. So I am very surprised that this ingredient is in this product. Hopefully , they will soon remove it and then I will buy.
This Sal-Suds Cleaner is EXCELLENT. I tried using the standard Dr. Bronner's soap on my dishes before because I wanted to have something non-toxic. However the standard Dr. Bronner's is better suited as a shampoo/body/face wash because it doesn't really cut heavy cooking grease that well, it's just not what it was designer for. But this SAL-SUDS is absolutely perfect and highly effective on dishes. Just ONE nickel-to-quarter-sized squeeze on my sponge will do a sink load of dishes. No joke. And it smells super good, like fresh cut christmas trees. Definitely worth the price. I'll be ordering more in the future.
cleans everything that is dirty- floors, dishes, tubs, you name it! but don't become ocd... and check out lisa bronner's page for dilution recommendations.
Works for everything, even in the dishwasher and for cloth diapers in the washer. Sal Suds has helped us significantly when it comes to being able to breathe better because we were able to replace all our noxious cleaning products (Comet, Scrubbing Bubbles, Toilet Duck, etc.) with this super-gentle, super effective detergent that is naturally fragranced with fir needle oil and spruce oil. Would highly recommend - just make sure you're not allergic to it before you start buying it by the gallon!
Works on for virtually all cleaning products. I do keep other specialty products for certain special cleaning problems, but this works virtually all the time. It has a mild, pleasant scent and I don't find it irritating in the slightest. If you are new to Dr. Bronners, do yourself a favor and research them--they are as genuine and responsible a company as you will find in the world. (by the way, what is up with the Amazon.com review starting with the statement "for replacement products, look to dr woods." That "dr woods" company doesn't, as far as I can tell, do any of the things, from fair trade to certified organic sourcing, that dr bronners does to make the world, and their products, better.
Love it
I learned about Dr. Bronner's from my cousin and decided to purchase this bottle, mostly because of the amazing value. I think it's going to last forever because you dilute 1 teaspoon in 1 gallon of water. What's even better is that my husband loves this product and has started using it to clean everything. He sprays the soap/water mixture on rugs before vacuuming and sprays it on the wood floors before mopping. I've used it to clean very dirty doors and use it daily to clean the range and counter tops. The best part for me is that it does not have any harsh chemicals that tend to make my hands dry and give me a headache. Because it's biodegradable, I feel 100% comfortable using it in the kitchen near food and fruit. I will stick with this cleaner forever.
I really like Dr Bronners products. Sal Suds works great and takes the place of SO many thing. I love it for the laundry, OTC laundry stuff just do not seem to be cutting it these days, things just do not seem to smell clean (use of non scented). Some people seem to have a problem and will not us it due to thinking SLS (bad stuff) is in it, well one must investigate the source before starting rumors and others should not be so eager to follow, one could be missing out on something good. Coconut....go to Bronners site and it will give explanation. You can save money (and have extra space) and have your in house air quality improve greatly by using friendly cleaners. I could go on about good for (everything) products but then that is how investigating helps. No one is to old to learn. Happy ECO GREEN to everyone.
If I have a tough job, this works.  I've even used it to get a really good car washing.  The smell is great.  I use it for everything and a little goes a long way.  I highly recommend this product.
Rich and thick and you don't need much when cleaning.  Got grease off my daughters car seats.  Bought small bottle of body wash and I love it!
Dr Bronner's Sal Suds is perfect for cleaning everything in the bathroom.  Just a couple teaspoons will get the tub, sink, toilet, really every surface squeeky clean.  It has a wonderful smell.  It is like scrubbing the toilet with some kind of eucalyptus/fir tree branch.  I have kids, and I never have to be concerned with traces of it bothering their skin, like I do when I use chemical cleaners.  I can stand in the tub while I am cleaning (i fill the tub with a bit of sal suds and maybe an inch or two of hot water.  Sort of like a bubble bath for the tub) and it doesn't harm my feet (maybe they are cleaner, too). It doesn't leave a residew. Just a sparkle.
one squirt on copper wool was all it took and no fumesI found a vendor offering bottles at DEEP discount.
I have hand washed dishes for 30+ years, and this has become my favorite dishsoap. The scent is light, the cleaning is VERY good, and it rinses off well.
I use this product in all natural cleaning agents which I concoct and use in my home. Natural and it works
This product in non-scented and uses a natural pine-based solvent, so does have a slight pine needle smell but nothing that lingers.It is good on all surfaces, and the PH makes it OK for wood flooring of all types, I have found. If you use too much you will get a filmy, white residue though. So only a very small amount is required!
Fresh, natural scent; works well in a variety of uses, from general cleaning to adding to the laundry.  Will buy again.
Arrived arrived very quickly and was well packaged. It was a solid upon arrival, but a little research online showed that cold weather during shipping made the concentrate thicker.  So, I simply put the bottles in a sink of warm water and it quickly re-liquified.  Very happy with the all purpose, multi-use product.  A little goes a long way, for sure.
This is the only cleaning agent I take on camping trips, also what I use at home. It can be used on about everything, I even wash clothes in it.
This product along with all the other bronners soaps is just amazing! No harsh chemicals that cause cancer like products from P&G or any other chemical company the "man" owns.
Love this stuff. I mix it 50/50 with water for dishwashing. Mix it 25/75 with water for general cleaning.Any Bronners product is great!!!!
Not only does it get an 'A' rating from EWG, but it also works! I use it for laundry, dish soap, floor cleaner, counter/appliance surface cleaner, and couldn't be happier. I even used it to successfully remove a red wine spot! Visit Dr. Bronner's website, and you'll find  numerous 'recipes' for its use!
I use this stuff for a lot of my household cleaning.  Cuts the grease and grime and I love the pine scent.
why pay more this was a Great Buy..
No substitutes for Dr. Bronner's!  Not only does no company make better soap products, but no other company is reliably as responsible in it's business practices.Have used Dr. Bronner's for over 20 years and have found no reason to change brands.Like the scent too.  Not too strong and of course it smells very clean without that synthetic smell in almost ALL contemporary cleaning products.
This stuff worked like magic on my bathtub. I also tried using it (diluted) for washing dishes but it made my hands raw and dry.
I use sal suds to wash dishes. a little goes a long way. i also use it in combination with other gentle agents to make laundry detergent. pine smell is nice too.
I've been using the regular Dr. Bronner soap for all my cleaning products, but it just never did the greatest job. The Sal-Suds definitely work better. A little goes a long way too. Great for a general kitchen counter spray, use to wash the floors, clean the tub, etc. Easy on the skin. Doesn't leave a film on the stove top like the regular Dr. Bronner soap. Great product!
I love clean laundry, almost as much as having a chemical-free home. So, I feel lucky to have the best of both worlds! I can't get enough of this stuff. I use it to clean EVERYTHING. I really do mean everything. I can do my dishes, clean my toilets, wipe counter tops, even mirrors...yep that's right no strikes on your mirrors. I'm another happy satisfied Dr. Bronners customers. Thanks!
I use about 4 cap fulls of Sals Suds per load(standard size washer-not an HE).  My laundry comes out fresh and clean, and my whites are certainly whiter.  Best detergent I have ever used!
Great product, works fantastic. Very concentrated so goes a long way. Cleans great and gets out lots of stains, excellent degreaser.
So maybe it's a bit weird to rave about a cleaning product, but I had to write a review after being so pleased with this cleanser. I first read about this online then decided to buy it. I didn't want to wait for it to come in so I went to Whole Foods and finally found it across town. One teaspoon or such can clean an entire bathroom. What I love most about this cleaner, other than the smell, is that it works incredibly well at removing hard water stais and grease. I live in Las Vegas so hard water stains are a common thing. I started washing my dishes with a diluted mix of this with water and noticed significantly less water stains after they were left to dry. Glass looked spotless. Also cleaned my stovetop with it and left it looking spotless. I pretty much use this cleaner exclusively for my laundry, bathroom, and dish washing cleaner. Clothes looked a bit cleaner too and felt good knowing that this stuff quickly dries up and doesn't leave any residude. Also this stuff smells pretty awesome. Very clean pine smell. Highly recommend and at $15 a bottle it'll last you much much longer than anything you'd buy.
I primarily use this cleaner when I mop our hardwood floors.  It does a fantastic job of getting the floors clean.  Better than the other brands I have tried and I feel good about not using harsh chemicals.  Would definitely recommend.
I will never use anything else for bugs in my gardens.  I use such a small amount I'll have enough for the season.  I already had 5 family members to order it for their garden.  We also have a church garden and I'm telling every gardeners I know:&#127889;
This works better than any cleaning agent I've used.  It cuts through the soap scum and oil. I used it for laundry (2 tbsp) and the clothes never looked so clean.
I love this product. I clean my kitchen, floors, bathroom, walls, oven, etc with it. It doesn't irritate my skin or trigger my asthma. It doesn't harm my daughter, the dogs, or the environment. It even took out stains on the laundry. This is the best stuff ever! I can get a 32 oz bottle at the local health food store for $14. It's super concentrated and will last a long time. I will buy the gallon from Amazon next time I need it.
Hands down.  Even if you don't care about the environment at all, don't mind using harsh chemicals, love gross perfumes and don't care about your exposure to yucky stuff, this is simply THE MOST EFFECTIVE dish soap, and you can't deny it.  But, that's not all!  It ALSO smells awesome, does no harm to the environment, and is safe to use on the dishes you eat off of!  It is better than any other dish soap.  You need less of this than any other.As a laundry detergent, it also rocks, but it makes no sense to waste it that way bc it is very expensive.As a household cleaner, it is good, but it is very soapy, so you have to rinse it off.
Using it for my laundry, works great with whites and hot water.  Love the smell too. Recommended it to my family.
This is great for washing dishes or diluting for cleaning any surface! Plus it is all natural! Dr. Bronner's is wonderful!
Sal Suds is appropriately named...there are tons of suds in this highly concentrated multi-purpose natural pine cleaner. A little goes a long way, and I use it for everything, from dishes to laundry. It has a nice, clean pine needle scent, is not overpowering at all like supermarket pine cleaners. Great mild degreaser, too...doesn't leave an icky film on your stovetop.Best of all, it's totally organic, biodegradable and kind to your skin. I suffer from hand pain and severe dryness, and Sal Suds saves me from having to put on a pair of gloves every time I wash a dish or wipe the countertop. Check out the fascinating history of Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps on their website...great reading.
I am a long time user and fan of the Dr. Bronner magic soap and a friend recently raved about this one that I had yet to hear of. In one week I have used it to clean everything in my house and I could not be happier with a product. It cleans amazingly well and smells fantastic. I will be buying the gallon size from now on.
This is the best product for all household cleaning.  Removes strong &#34;set in&#34; pet urine smell. Cleans kitchen to bathroom.
I love this for almost everything! It's got a nice slightly pine scent and I love it to clean my whole kitchen! From the dishes to the floor!
I use it mainly as a laundry detergent, sometimes to wash the floors too. Great for my baby's wash, doesn't have all the crazy chemicals in it.
I wish I could give this product 10 stars...nothing short of amazing! My package arrived today and I put one squirt in a 16oz(?) bottle and filled it with distiller water. It left my mirrors and windows spotless. I then decided to mop with it and was delighted. I usually have to scub the floor while I mop, but this stuff dissolved every stain on my floor without scrubbing or rinsing leaving NO sticky residue! I'm throwing out all of my crappy Lysol and other chemical cleaners. After moping my floor and cleaning my windows with Dr. Bronner's "Sal Suds" and cleaning my counters, carpets and washing my clothes with Dr. Bronner's "Pure-Castile Soap" I don't need anything else!!! :D
I love Dr. Bronner's products. This soap cleans everything and does it well.Throw away all those harsh chemicals  NOW!
Okay...this stuff is amazing. It cleans dishes, floors, glass, carpets, etc. I could keep going.The best part about it? It is "green." It is safe for people and the environment. And it can be used in a bucket, a spray bottle, a pump bottle or straight from the bottle.Need clean? Buy this.
Feels good to use something so natural that cleans up so well.  A little goes a long ways.  Use for anything.
So far, I have used this product as a spray cleaner and soak, diluted, and it has performed well, as claimed. The scent is very faint, so don't worry that everything will smell like pine cleaner. It's just fresh, and fades quickly. I can tell that this large bottle of 32 oz. will last me a while because it's very effective when diluted as per the instructions, so a little goes a long way. I haven't tried it on laundry stains yet, but I will and I'll try to update my review when I do.
This works very well for getting counter tile and bathroom and kitchen surfaces very clean. We also use it mixed with 100% d-Limonene Citrus Solvent Orange Oil for tough jobs and we are thrilled with the results.
I have been using this soap for doing dishes and love it! I can't convince my husband to use it to clean the bathrooms yet, but I'm working on it. :)
this is a wonderful item and can be used in so many ways! It cleans the house , car and even your body!
I have just started using this for my laundry.  So far I am really happy with the product.  My whites were brighter without any additional products like borax, blue dawn, vinegar, etc...  My clothes seem really clean and there is no offensive &#34;perfume&#34;.  My family has sensitive skin and we haven't had any issues with the detergent.  I will purchase this product again in the future.
We use this to do our dishes and laundry, and it cleans countertops and floors, and also as an all-purpose cleaner. It just needs diluted down, and this bottle will last a few months, even doing all of those chores.Love it!
I use this as a dishwashing liquid and I think it works a lot better than Dawn. It cleans well, leaves no streaks, and rinses easily. I've also used it to spot clean carpet. It is an excellent all around cleaner.
I love Sal Suds.  I use it to make all different kinds of cleaning products.  And it smells great and is concentrated so I don't have to use very much to get stuff done and it works awesome.  It is an all-purpose cleanser.
i first used this cleaner at my mom's house and fell in love with the scent. it's nothing like those typical "pine cleaners" with their artificial pine scent. this is the real deal! and the suds part of the name, they aren't kidding! i used exactly the recommended amount and was able to clean my entire house (2700 square feet), with a fully sudsy bucket. there's no need to rinse either, which is great! and it doesn't leave any residue as it dries. if you're searching for a natural way to clean your floors (or anything else, actually, it can be used for all kinds of household cleaning jobs!), try sal suds, you won't be disappointed!
This is good stuff.  I have to let it sit for a few minutes on stubborn things, but it works great overall.  It smells nice too, and I like that it's safe to use on food surfaces.  Another win for Dr. Bronner.
This stuff'll clean anything. I even used it in my steam cleaner and it got dried in pen right off of my cream colored couches. I use it for everything now.
I have purchased Sal Suds many times.  Love it!  I use it to clean floors, tubs, sinks, you name it!  Great stuff.  While I love the product, I was surprised that it was frozen when I received it.  I have yet to open and use, but hope that being frozen did not change the performance of the soap.
I have allergies to all sorts of things, including fragrances and various chemicals.  Sal Suds are GREAT!  They smell refreshing (and of something which doesn't sicken me), are gentle, and actually clean.  It's so hard to find a &#34;natural&#34; cleaner that isn't either cloyingly scented or completely ineffectual.  I love Sal Suds!
I love Dr. Bronner's soap. I use it all around the house. I love the smell of Sad Suds, it smells like real pine not the nasty fake pine sol stuff.
I work with babies, and I think it is extremely important for parents to use "green" cleaning products when possible to avoid accidents. This product is also very multi-purpose, which we love!  You can clean counters, bathtubs, floors, sinks, etc. with this stuff.  And a little bit goes a long way since you heavily dilute it with water.  Very economic product!  I highly recommend this product on my on-line guide for parents, and have personally used it the last few years.
See Bronner mom's blog ([...]) re: sodium laurel sulfate. It is effective at stripping oil, which is good in a cleaner but bad in a soap because it dries out your skin. I presume that is why sodium laurel sulfate is not in dr bronner soaps or other products intended for skin care.  Its a good idea to wear dish gloves when using cleaners.  The similar-sounding chemical that may have toxic elements is sodium LAURETH sulfate.  That chemical is not in any of their products.
I purchased this product because of the pine scent that was in the description. The soap does have a unique pine scent that is very mild and very nice. It no way smells like supermarket brand pine oils. This Sal Suds is wonderful.Now let me tell you about the cleaning properties of the soap. When it says use only a few drops, it means only a FEW drops. I used about one teaspoon per gallon of water for normal household cleaning. Then I gave it the bathtub test. I placed a few drops on a wet cloth and cleaned the tub. The soap scum and grime came right off! And the scent that was left was so refreshing. Amazingly, this soap removed ground in dirt from my kitchen floor. And I keep my floor spotless. Still, it found dirt that ordinary cleaners could not.At this rate, this bottle of Sal Suds should last me for a year or more. So don't be put off by the price, it is more economical that the store bought detergents. This Sal Suds will be a staple in my home and for the cleaning business.
I bought this soap to use in my rug shampooer. I have a growing puppy and although she is potty trained she still spots the rugs on occassion. I don't like to use any harsh or chemical laden soap anywhere and as the rug is her domain now that she doesn't fit on the couch, I wanted her feet and face safe. This soap cleaned well, the scent was light and I have some left over for spot cleanups. This soap does make a lot of suds ( as per the name) and will cause you to empty the water more often.  As I don't have a large area to clean a safe environment seems like an OK trade for more work.
This product makes the best soaps I have ever used.  It does not leave any residue and goes a very long way.
This product is amazing!  It has taken out stains that have been in clothing for years.  I got out stains from my oldest daughter's clothing and my youngest can wear them stain-free now.  This one product can replace all of your cleaners except one for your dishwasher.  It's too sudsy for a dishwasher, but is great for actual dishwashing.  I will never go back to my old way of cleaning or doing laundry.
all dr bronners products are greaat  highly recommend any and all of the products  love every one that i have tried thus far
I am just going to pretty much repeat what others have written about this product. I stumbled upon this product in some website that boasted a great deal about this product. Read amazon reviews and wanted to give it a try. I did not go wrong. This is truly a great product. No strong odor unlike other cleaners. We've gotten tremendous results - whether we clean the kitchen counter-top, bathroom tiles and other places in our home. We have also used it along with the laundry as well as dishwasher detergent. Tough on dirt but soft on hands - Wife loves the product!
I was a little leary of trying this product because it is pine scented. I can't stand the smell of Pine-sol. Sal Suds has a very soft scent o f pine and I like it. It is good to know that this is a more natural product. I've become more aware of what I am putting in my house. Many cleaners are bad for the environment. Also, it seems expensive for a quart but it is very concentrated so the bottle will last a long time.
I use Dr. Bronner's products BECAUSE I want an allergen free product. Allergen free for me that is; some people are allergic to coconut oil so several products in the line are not for them. I thought I'd seen mention of a different review mentioning SLS, but I still clicked the product to my wish list. And when time came to buy several things, I went ahead. That was my fault. I shouldn't have unhesitatingly trusted the Dr. Bronner name to mean no Sodium Laurel Sulfate.If you use Dr. Bronner's products due to skin sensitivity, in order to avoid painful peeling, bleeding, cracked skin, rashes, oozing sores and all around discomfort - the last thing you'd need is this product on your hands while washing dishes, or splashing above or seeping into gloves, or worse accidentally splashing onto your neck, or face.Avoid.(Sodium Laurel / Sodium Lareth - either way the Sulfate doesn't work for me, and I seriously arch a brow at comments to a different review that seem to want consumers to believe something in the same family, for the same purpose and being used and desired for the same properties, wouldn't have the same adverse reactions with people and the environment.)
It makes me feel all right. Just kidding This is awesome. Would suggest to others for purchase. Fantastic consistent product.
When I purchased the Air Lift 60818 rear air spring kit for my 2010 Ram 1500 Quad Cab 4WD, I also purchased the Air Lift 25592 Load Controller II kit. I'm glad I did. It took about 3 hours to install, but I took my time to plan out where things went. I initially wanted to mount the compressor under the hood, but Air Lift doesn't recommend that location due the the high heat. I didn't want to mount it under the floor, as MN winters would kill it real quick. I mounted the compressor in the left storage compartment under the rear seat. There is a plastic body plug under the carpet in a great spot to run the air line out and under the floor for the air bags and a gap between the floor and riser for the seat to run the wiring and air line to the gauge panel. The carpeting and seat do a pretty good job of deadening the sound when the compressor runs, too. you can hear it, but it's not obnoxious.I mounted the gauge panel under the driver's seat temporarily, until I decide if I'll get a gauge pillar pod to mount the gauge. The control panel is a bit 'old-school' in appearance, and doesn't lend itself to dash mounting in our newer trucks, as there are no level areas on the dash that would be appropriate and allow you to see the gauge. A small, rectangular digital gauge would look much cleaner, and that's what I may do. As it is, under the driver's seat is unobtrusive, and relatively easy to reach, just can't read the gauge unless you are out of the truck. It also allowed me to run the lines and wiring under the sill plate trim for a clean look.The kit came with enough line and fittings for me to do a neat install. The Festo push-lock air fittings are great and make the install easy and professional looking! I use them all the time in my work and have never had one fail. Air Lift is a little too 'economical' with the tie-wraps though, I ended up using a couple dozen to make sure the lines are out of the way of any heat or sharp edges. Same with the wiring to the power distribution box under the hood. They could have provided longer wire for the power, but this kit was designed when the fuse blocks were under the dash, not under the hood like most are today.Overall I am quite pleased with my purchase. It arrived very quickly (thanks Amazon) and well packaged.
I should have purchased this last year when I installed the air bags. I installed this unit in under two hours in my driveway.If you have airbags, this is a must.
Compressor worked great. Easy to put air in and take air out of air bags as needed from the comfort of cab. Not to hard to install. Hardest part was trying to find an access point inside to outside of truck. The installation manual could have had a little more information and pictures but over all not to bad.
easy install using it to set up air suspension for hanicap accessable car with rear wheel chair lift . .
I pull a 40 foot fifth wheel with my 1999 Ford F350.  Before i installed the air bags i felt a lot of bounce and sway.  After the air bags very little bounce and sway.  I also installed the air compressor at the same time works great.  I highly recomend these procucts.  The onboard compresor is realy nice to have because you can add or remove air from inside the truck as needed.
I called Air-Lift for help finding a good location for the compressor and they gave me a recommendation that worked perfectly. After installed, I had one defective part that the customer service rep sent out to me right away and without any difficulties.Just like most vehicle instals, proper planning and time allocation will make a good instal go well. This took me about an hour a day over a 4 day period to work all the bugs out. The vehicle wasn't down for that period because I did not tie the compressor into the air bag system until the end of the instal. So I could use the truck for work while installing I kept the bags inflated with the manual air valve setup.I like using the air leveling systems. My vehicle tire life, wheel alignment and steering get optimal performance when the vehicle is at stock height the manufacturer designed the vehicle for. So as I load the truck up, I can recover the lost vehicle height. The compressor is well worth it because I adjust them all the time.
Very nice unit. Instructions were clear but could not make the adapter provided, to connect to an existing fuse. Not a good idea anyway to tag on a compressor unit that draws 15 amps on to say the light circuit. I ran a fused wire from the battery. Had I tagged on to the light circuit, the fuse would have blown the instant the compressor came on if the lights were on at the same time.
I bought this to control my airlift air bags. Though the compressor itself appears to be cheaply made, and a made in China product, it does perform as advertised. I would have liked to have had another option for a made in USA compressor by Airlift, like the bags themself are. Mounting of the controls proved to be a bit of a challenge due to me wanting it to appear as Ford OEM. I did manage to acomplish this by dismantling the Airlift gauge assembly and mount the components in the dash separately. this now looks and performs great. the compressor is a bit slow and noisy but I do not have the need for frequent operation of the system. There were no leaks and to date, no problems. I would recommend this for light to medium duty useage.
I installed the 25592 Load Controller II compressor system. The AIR LIFT 59501 air springs work great with the Load Controller for leveling my truck when towing my camper.  I use a load leveling hitch, but it is not enough to level the truck.  It took one evening to install the air bags and half the next day for the controller.  I'm a stickler for detail.  It may take a more experienced auto accessory installer less time than I.
This Air LIft Controller II on board air compressor system is a very good way to keep the Air LIft loadlifter 5000 aired up to desired ride height at the simple flip of a switch after a load in the bed of the truck. Rather than having to stop and find air at a station..
had the air bags installed on my truck last year. and got tired of airing up and down. this product takes care of the problem also can use it when hooking up. best price around
Works great with no load and as soon as I hook up my travel trailer tongue weight 900 pounds the compressor starts running and the airbags go flat. So I have to pull the fuse to make the compressor stop running.
works good easy to install,draw backs hard to bend tubing and compressor is loud..it does work great.gives a good ride
This product goes great with the air bags already installed. shipping was to be free.....except all products came from different places so it was NOT free!!!!
Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. This item is well worth the money and wish I would have pulled it out of my old truck. Now I have to buy another.
As an afterthought, I bought this air pump to go with my air springs. I wish I had bought them together and saved some money doing so, but my cheapness got me...
Most of the reviews I read before had more to do with the airbags than the controller.  I don't have a comment on the bags yet.  This is about the controller.I have a diesel truck and often have heavy loads.  I got the airbags to tailor the suspension for the load and the ability to control the ride on the fly seemed like an improvement.  I also thought I would supplement the system to provide for emergency air to pump tires on the road.  My logic going in was I could add a tank and pressure switch. Then some time later when the compressor burns out then I would replace it with something better.But when you look at what is included in the kit it ends up providing little value. The guage seems OK and does include a separate circuit for illumination which allows it to be dimmed with the dash lights. The momentary switch looks good but I don't think I'll use it my version. The pressure bleed off is actually just a schraeder valve (tire valve) with a clever actuator that holds it in the panel...it will do the job but it isn't expensive. Then there is some wiring harness and tubing and a tiny plastic compressor. The compressor is total junk. They suggest that you install it inside the vehicle and they expressely say that it shouldn't go in the engine compartment or anywhere that it might get heat or moisture. The power requirements of the compressor are probably tiny which is good because the wiring in size and design wouldn't handle a real compressor. There is no relay...it actually switches the power for the compressor directly through the little momentary switch.MSRP is $247.15! I am not convinced that the air compressor could pump up the bags the first time....it is laughable. It is about the size of a large sandwich and everything I can see is plastic. I would never expect this to inflate a tire so any hope I had of providing even emergency "onboard air" is ludicrous.I spent $120 [...]. But all I will use is the guage, some tubing, and some of the wiring.Anyone considering this kit ought to just buy the pieces you need and put together your own kit. This one provides no value and costs more than the individual parts would.I'm a believer in buyer beware so I'll eat the cost and consider it a lesson learned. But maybe this can help out the next guy.I originally wrote this review before I completed my in-flight adjustability capability for my truck.  Someone commented that it was unfair since I hadn't even installed it.  Well I'm now much more experienced with air suspension having built a complete on-board air system capable of powering air tools, filling tires, adjusting the air bags, and could even be used to drive train horns if I wanted to make so much noise.  I'm still standing my the original comments.  I got the compressor system for less than half of MSRP because of coupons, deals, and Amazon pricing.  But even still I think I paid way more than the value of the components.  The compressor itself is not available individually so couldn't be priced but everything else in the kit could be purchased as individual parts for much less than the kit.  I have only turned on the compressor once just as an experiment and it did work and may even be capable of what the bags require.  But it would take forever to pump a tire with it so it is of no other value.  In the system I built I did use the guage, momentary switch, bleed valve, and some wiring and fittings but eventually replaced the slip fit fittings with high quality brass screw vesions.  I managed to find a second hand Viair compressor but all other parts were new and I spent less on a real system than MSRP of this kit.So I can not say this won't pump your air bags.  But with a little design and searching for parts you could build a far more capable system for less money yourself.  Depends what you need to accomplish and how much you are willing to think about it.
Upgraded to a heavier fifth wheel and added air bags to level the truck out a little. The onboard compressor makes it really nice to be able to add or remove air from the cab and even while driving.Easy install. Hardest part is routing the wiring and the air hoses.
I received the Load Control and it was exactly as it was described. After opening the boxes and doing an inventory, (all items were there along with a few extras in case I buggered up in the Install). It took a couple of hours to install due to finding places to mount the compressor and dash guage. The air lines and wiring were partially preassembled and that was a breeze to install. Once the 5/8 hole was drilled in the fire wall to accomidate the pass through air and electric line. The kit has plenty of air line so it was neccassary to cut to fit my application. For an overall I was greatly pleased with how easy it was to install and hookup. the paper instructions were very good and of coarse the pictures were fantastic for following the wiring diagrams.
Other than not being weather proof, works great. Had to install inside seperate enclosure. Areas to mount are very limited.
put this on with airlift ride control  put air in when hooking up to camper and let out when un hitching nice not to have and get aircompressor
I bought this to go with a set of air springs from Air Lift. I never got it installed though due to the requirement that the compressor had to be mounted inside the cab of the truck. The instructions clearly state that the compressor cannot be mounted under the hood or under the bed of the truck. Apparently the unit is not weather safe.Really? The compressor is about the size of a small shoe box and not easily stored. I will have too look around for someone else's compressor to use. with these air springs.
I ordered the on board compressor and a set of Air Lift bags for my Chevy 2500hd to see if it would help when braking while pulling my 36ft fifth wheel, when aired up properly the bounce is gone when I apply my camper brakes and they even help level out some rough roads (not all though). If you install them yourself and you are wallowing around on the garage you will spend  4+ hours on the air bags and at least that much time on mounting the compressor and electrical, without some good help. But still saved $300.00 doing it myself.
I installed these myself in four hours on a Ford E350 - it's a whole new truck!  They work.
I installed the Air Lift 5501 Ride Control Rear Air Spring Kit on my 2000 GMC Sierra and coupled it with this unit.  Talk about a convenient way to adjust my ride!!Installation is easy, if you take your time and think about where you want to mount this.  The wiring was a little short, but not a big deal.  The air pressure sensor is adjustable, so you can set the minimum pressure to match your bags.  It is SOOOOOO nice to be able to - on the fly - adjust the ride level and comfort.  This little compressor is a little noisy when you air up, but you could fix that by adding sound insulation around the unit, just be careful to allow for the minimum air gaps.Highly Recommend this product!
I am using this kit to pressurize two airbags in my rear coil springs.  I pull a 7500 lb. trailer with my Durango and the springs are a little weak after 8 years.  So rather than replace the springs, I thought that I would give myself some adjustability while getting back my original spring support.All the fitting are the quick connect type and do not leak.  The compressor works well and is not too noisy.  The control console has an outdated look to it but does the job.  The supplied gauge is inaccurate by more than 5 psi.  I used several tire gauges connected to the optional manual fill port (Shrader valve)to get an accurate reading then marked the gauge face with the correct numbers.  I would have replaced the gauge but not many will fit in the arrangement behind the panel.It was worth the investment and time.  I used to get flashed by oncoming traffic for bright headlights whenever the trailer was connected.  Now I just push the button to correct the rear height and all is well.  During the day I adjust the pressure for the best ride.
I was totally pleased at how easy it was to install first i removed all overload leafs then set air bags . bolted them in and drilled upper holes . the installed compressor under back seat ran wires and hoses tied into electral and was done.
This product was shipped to me exactly as described on Amazon.com. I chose to buy from them because they had the best price on a product that I could get from over a dozen different online resources.AIR LIFT 25592 Load Controller II On Board Air Compressor System
Easy install, takes about 30 minutes depending on how you route the air hose and wire into your cab.  The pump is noisy when on, but it is seldom on, only when airing up for heavier trailers.  I mounted the pump inside the rear compartment of my SUV.  Works great, so much easier than manually airing up and releasing air.  I often didnt have a pump available or was driving when I realized I wanted more air in it, this fixes that problem.  Air guage and controls are small enough to hide out of the way.  The hardest part is hiding hte hose and wire out of sight.
The bags are a good addition to anyone who has a bit of weight to deal with. Over all you will have a level truck that does not bottom out on the bumpers.  I would recommend changing the mounting bolt for the frame to grade 8 or frame mounting type.  I have had the same type on my other truck for about five years with about 2000lbs in the bed (truck camper) with no problems to speak of.  A compressor on board is not necessary, but would be nice as the tend to leak a little.
This is a great product and do give thumbs up . I have this air ride on all three of my trucks and love it . Easy install and works great .
This product is solid.  It took me ~5 hours to install in a professional mechanics bay.  The directions are not clear, but, the assembly is pretty intuitive.  The hardest part is drilling through the frame for the upper bracket.  Trick is to pre-drill with smaller size and when drilling the 3/8 holes, go slow and use cutting oil (transmission fluid works well.  Also, keep all the bolts loose until the upper bracket is hard mounted, you may need to move the assembly around.Good product overall and solidly built.
First time ever installing air bags on a vehicle. The online video makes it look easy but in reality it was not that easy. The first problem I had was that I have a 5th wheel hitch installed. I missed the part on line to say I needed kit so in so if I have a 5th wheel hitch. Reason being it requires a special top bracket. I got the kit in and took out what seem like a very lot of parts. Studied the manual over and over and realized I needed that special bracket. Contacted company and they confirmed it. Well I had to buy that separate which if I had gotten the right kit to start with I would not have had to do this. The installation manual could have had a little more info and maybe pictures to help a little more but it worked out okay. Had to cut the excess material from the 4 u bolts from each side that hold the springs to axle so it would not be in the way of the air bag bottom bracket. This was no easy task. If I had to install another set of air bags it would go much easier knowing what I know now. Like anything when you do something for the first time it is always harder. I used the air bags July 4th week when I pulled our camper to beach. When we take the camper like that I also have a golf cart that I put in back of truck. So the cart and camper adds about 8000 more pounds to my truck. I was very pleased this time around  with air bags installed. Made a world of difference in handling of the truck. Stopping seem to be better as well. Over all I am very pleased with the product and highly recommend them.
easy to install. They work like a charm. You have to be careful running the plastic lines near the exhaust. The lines can not stand much heat.
How I went for so many years towing without air bags on my pickup is beyond me. Wow, so nice to hook to my 31 foot fifth wheel and not have to worry about my headlights shining in the trees!I drive a commercial vehicle and it is of course, equipped with air bags....these are just like them....but smaller.Install was a breeze and the quality is very nice. I did purchase and install the Smart Air kit with this which makes leveling automatic. I do recommend some sort of auto level with this as opposed to using just the manual filling method!
My husband and I recently bought a 5th wheel.  The ride was anything but peaceful.  Then we bought the load lifter and our last trip was sooooo much nicer.  We both agree this was a great investment.
Having these installed makes a noticeable difference when hauling heavily loaded trailers.I installed the LoadLifter 5000 Series to a 1998 Dodge Ram 2500 with a diesel engine. The installation was fairly simple, but took quite a bit of time. I would plan for at least 5-6 hours with this type of truck.Had to remove the wheel-well liners and reinstall them. Was thinking about cutting out a spot where they would rub against the air spring bellows instead of using the spacers provided, but haven't done that yet. Had to play around with the provided spacers for the liners and cut them shorter to make everything fit properly. I would say that process of reinstalling everything was the time consumer.With overload springs already factory installed it was a bit tricky to get the system lined up so that it would not hit the pickup bed as well as missing wires and brake lines attached to the frame on driver's side. Had to drill 8 holes in the frame, but with sharp bits that was not a problem. It is possible to install with one person, but would strongly recommend a helper. The instructions say the space between brackets needs to be between 5&#34; and 8&#34;. When determining where is best for drilling the holes I found it helpful to cut a small measuring stick to help keep the brackets parallel and spaced properly. Just place the stick between the brackets, mark your holes and drill them. I would recommend drilling one hole, installing a bolt with nut snug, but not tight, in order to hold the bracket stable while marking and drilling the other holes.Overall the average backyard mechanic would have no problems with the installation.
If you have any problems, even leaks years later, please contact the company. They were great about replacing ours recently!
Works great, haven't put the fifth wheel on it yet, but notice the difference already on 04' f350. These actually take spring bounce out of 1 tons pretty well.
All I can say is, I should have done it sooner. Easy to follow directions.
I pull a 40 foot fifth wheel with my 1999 Ford F350.  Before i installed the air bags i felt a lot of bounce and sway.  After the air bags very little bounce and sway.  I also installed the air compressor at the same time works great.  I highly recomend these procucts.
I am a contractor who often hauls very large loads.  My dump trailer weighs three thousand pounds empty and will hold over ten thousand pounds of shingles.  After I installed these springs I hauled a load of 4200 pounds of shingles which were almost entirely in front of the trailers axles.  Needless to say my suspension was entirely bottomed out.  I put 65 pounds in the air springs and the truck leveled out and rode smooth as silk, it almost felt like there wasn't a 7500# trailer behind me.  I am actually excited about hauling a big load with that trailer now just to watch my worker's faces when the springs level the load with ease.The only thing that comes anywhere close to a complaint is the fact that you have to drain them as soon as you take the weight off or they will bounce like crazy.  Luckily for me I always have an air compressor in the truck, but if you have the extra money you might want to invest in the on-board compressor.  Also, I installed the air stems behind my gas cap door and it worked great, no one can see them and they won't get dirty or muddy in there.
Easy install! No need to buy the $300.00 compressor! Just get a Bell 2000 tire inflator and plumb it in to the cab! It has a gauge, and release valve all included!
I installed the Loadlifter 5000 Series Kit on my 2002 F150 to help level up my pickup when I haul about 1000 pound loads..
Great quality and instructions seem to be very clear.  Will finish the installation tomorrow but very satisfied with the quality of the parts and the price.  Should take care of my need fine.
Excellent product, easy to install and does what it says it will do..Earl Carter, Pinehurst, NC
This review is for the installation & initial light use of the product.I purchased these air lifts on a gamble they would fit my 1970. They fit perfectly! The only thing I had to pay extra attention to was the mounting on the rear, as it required shimming on the fwd end and not the back to ensure the spring had proper and equal spacing all the around. The first initial use empty was a GREAT pleasure as they removed 75% of the "std leaf spring 4 x 4 bounce the truck has. The truck rode good, with new gas shocks, but these air lifts at the min 5 psi really made the ride smooth! Then grabbed some topsoil about 500 lbs worth (put it all the way back by tail gate on an 8'bed-max leverage)and again, only 5 psi and the truck stayed nice & level and rode smooth.Based on this initial light use I am very happy and confident they will perform as desired & engineered.
Very impressed with the way this unit has improved the stability of my 3/4 ton; especially while pulling my travel trailer.  Very good purchase.
I purchased the 5000 series rear air spring kit mostly for pulling many different trailers with heavy tough weights and heavy loads in my pickup bed . IT's quite good in everything I've used it for/ thanks for great product!!!
IT TOOK ME A LITTLE LONGER THAN THE SUGGESTED INSTALLATION TIME TO INSTALL THIS SYSTEM. IT WAS NOT REALLY DIFFICULT TO INSTALL IF YOU HAVE SOME MECHANICAL APTITUDE. THE WORST PART WAS DRILLING THROUGH THE TRUCK FRAME. IF YOU HAVE GOOD DRILL BITS, THIS IS A FAIRLY EASY TASK. ROUTING THE AIR LINES IS VERY IMPORTANT, YOU MUST KEEP THEM FROM ALL ABRASIVE CONTACTS THAT WILL WEAR A HOLE IN THEM. THE SPRINGS THEMSELVES WORK VERY WELL. I ONLY HAVE 20 PSI OF AIR IN THEM AND THAT PRESSURE STIFFENS UP MY SUSPENTION AND MAKES THE TRUCK MORE STABLE EVEN WITHOUT A LOAD. I HAVEN'T HOOKED UP TO MY 10,000 LB CAMPER YET,, BUT I AM CONFIDENT THE SYSTEM WILL MAKE A TREMENDOUS DIFFERENCE IN THE STABILITY OF PULLING THE CAMPER. THE SYSTEM IS ON A 95 DODGE 3/4 TON 2 WHEEL DRIVE TRUCK.
Great buy & great product looks good on truck. I would buy this kit again,love it. Easy to read & quick to do.
I purchased a set of air springs to install on my F250 Super Duty Crew Cab Shortbed to assist when I haul a 9' slide in truck camper. My wife and I were impressed the way the truck handled when hauling the 2300 pound camper and towing a 16' boat that weighs about 1800 pounds behind the truck. With 60 pounds of air pressure the truck was above level and did not sqaut. These are a must have item if hauling a hard top slide in truck camper.
Even though I ordered with prime, I received this next day.  The install was pretty straight forward on my 2001 dodge 2500. I think it took about 90 min. The air bags work great.
This Air Spring Kit does what I had hoped for. First trip of about 700 miles and noticed a real differance. Had to lower air pressure when empty though. Installation with the help of 13 yearold grandson was not hard. Did require the drilling of 8 holes in the frame, but with a new bit was doable.
I put these on my Dodge 2500 Diesel because I have a truck camper that weighs 2600 lb. wet. I took out the factory overload springs and installed the Airlift airbags. They work as described. They handle the load very well and make driving my truck with my camper a lot easier. They really helped with the sway I was getting without the Airlift bags. I would recommend to anyone looking for a way to stabilize a load on their truck . Installation was easy, but I used to be a auto technician. Hardest part was getting everything lined up and measured before I drilled the holes. Directions were pretty good. Kit included everything the directions said it should have.I had to modify my installation due to other after market accessories (gooseneck hitch and a flatbed) that were installed.  I looked at other brands of airbags and for the money the Airlifts were the best quality and value.
These air bags work great used heavily and they stand up.No leaks and the ride is not compromised. The air bags were easily put on also.
Performance excellent, leakproof, had a part missing on delivery, the elbow connecting the bag to the air line, pain to find one locally
the kit was supposed to be a &#34;no drill&#34; installation but we had to drill 8 holes in the frame to bolt the brackets
I purchased from this company and one of the bladders kept leaking and rubbed a hole on the side of the bladder.  Paid to have a replacement for the SO CALLED LIFE TIME WARRANTY and would be given a refund once defective part was returned to AIR LIFT.  Four month later and I am still waiting for my REFUND.  Just get the run around.  I will never do business with AIR LIFT again.
The only real challenge is drilling the holes in the frame, make sure you have good quality drill bits and start with a smaller pilot hole then drill the 3/8" bolt holes. Just make sure you read the instructions before you start and leave everything loose until mounting is complete. It took me about 4 hours total and I noticed a difference immediately.
Easy  to  install,  but  took  more  than two  hours  as  suggested, Think  it  could  have  been  installed  in  two  hours  if  was  on a  lift  where you  had  easier  access.
I will provide a complete review as I get to the installation of this kit. The basic kit provides what you need for a safe overload protection kit.
I received the AIR LIFT kit and bench assembled to make sue all parts were there. Then out to the truck. From the time I raised it up to completion time was 3 hours with a 9/16 box end wrench,5/8 socket-wrachet and 1/2 inch drill motor along with 2 bits' one for a pilot hole and a 3/8 final hole size. The air lines snap together and the kit had plenty of ties and t's for running air lines any way you want along the frame. I installed the air lift compressor kit the day before so it was hooked up and turned on and the low pressure sensor was set @ 5psi and it all worked well. The only modification I made was to install an on/off toggle switch inline to the compressor so when I dump the air bags to unhook from the trailer I am towing the rear of my truck does not jump up with all the extra air in it.With out the toggle switch when you turn on the key it starts the compressor.After researching all the air bag kits that are available I find the AIR LIFT kit to be at the top of the list for the do-it yourself guy.I recomend this kit to anyone that needs the extra stability to their truck for towing or loading up the cargo.
the directions are incomplete. They should say, &#34;put everything together first, then test the bag by putting it in a bucket of water&#34;. the bag connections leaked. I found out and had to take the bags back out, tested them and then started all over.  You cannot put the bracket in&#34; loose&#34;, as per the instructions, then tighten up the bolts. There is no way to get to the bolts. As for the buying experience, this was perfect, ty. ron.
I have a sander on a 1996 F-350 Flatbed. The truck when full of sand was hard to handle (very mushy) and the overload springs were fully depressed. After installing the air lift the truck was easy to handle and looked level. When the truck was sagging in the rear it must have changed the front wheel alignment, it would wonder all over the road.I plan to put the air lift in my other 2001 F-250  Flatbed truck. Here in Alaska on slick roads you need a vehicle that drives good,,
This product is easy to install with one person, took me 2 hours to install. Works great on my F350 with a slide in camper. Kept me level even with my boat attached. Highly recommend and you get a sticker....
I have a 2000 dodge ram 2500 diesel and haul a 32 foot fifth wheel that is like 12,000 pounds. It would squat a little before but with 50 lbs, in the bags it sits level and doesn't even hit the overload's. It rides so much better and the tandems on the fifth wheels are equally loaded . It is a much better ride and feels great .Plus it also puts the weight on the trailer that is supposed to be on it . It wasn't that hard to put on. I did have to drill 4 holes which wasn't to bad. The hardest part was on the drivers side. The fuel tank is right there. Luckily my girlfriend has small hands and was able to get the nuts on for me. I couldn't touch them with my hands and didn't want to remove the tank . Of course I got my ass chewed out for asking here to get under my truck , but she got over it after I kissed her ass for a few days .
These air springs are awesome! I put them on my 1994 F-250 and pretty much leave them at about 10lbs. I can load a ton in the bed and not even notice it's in there! It does make the ride a little stiffer when there is no weight in the bed, but having a 3/4 ton truck the ride is already stiff so not that big of a difference. I highly recommend these
Bought these air bags in April of 2009 for $215 and installed them on my 1994 F-350 4X4 pickup. I previously installed a 4" suspension lift without replacing the rear leaf springs (just used the add-a-leaf) which left me with a sagging rear end. I bought these air bags hoping to lift the rear of the truck therefore leveling it out. They installed fairly easily to the top overload spring, the only tricky part was drilling the frame correctly and after filling them with approx. 50lbs. of air, they lifted the rear end a good three inches which solved my problem and leveled my truck. Great product!
Perfect look for my car with stock white speedometer face gauges. Works perfectly and the reading is accurate. If you own a 95 mustang I also highly recommend the UPR mounting bracket sold on Amazon.
worked out better than i thought great fit and finish i did not even paint would buy again aaa +++
The Bushwacker OE fender flares for my Ford F350 fit very well and were easy to put on. I did have to file out a few holes to make them fit better which was not a big deal. The part that took the longest was puttin on the rubber trim pieces.These flares really added to my truck and make it look finished and mean looking.Great product and easy to install.
I was a little hesitant because of some having problems with their &#34;fit.&#34;  My experience was fantastic.  They make my truck look like new.  Couldn't have fit better and couldn't have been easier.
Put these one my 03, and was going to paint, but I'm just going to leave them as they are!
They fit our F250 SuperDuty perfectly, and they look great!  Installation was not bad, but we really took our time for the best result possible.  These flares gave made our nice looking truck downright beautiful.  They don't stick out so far that our tires look too small.  We are extremely pleased with these fender flares, and would highly recommend them!!
I have a 2002 Ford F250 with the typical rusty rear wheel wells. I sand blasted out the rust, treated it with a rust preventative paint, and then covered the hole with Bushwacker Flares! My truck looks great!
Perfect fit, sanded the edges and installed. I will buy this product again and would recommend it to anyone. Excellent  product.
These flares were the perfect fit for my f250 superduty.  They came quickly and were easy to install.  They look like they came on the truck by factory.  You have the choice of painting them or not.  They come with a flat finish.  I chose to leave them as they were.  They make the truck look a little more finished and tougher.
They came on time , instructions were easy to follow . Nice quality and look very nice on the truck. The best price I could find at the time. I really like them.B.
For all you Aussie Holden Suburban owners, these fit perfectly and give your ride an great aggressive look. Highly recommended.
These fender flares fit well and look good, but are a little bit expensive for a few molded pieces of plastic.
I recently purchased the (Bushwacker 40904-01 OE Style Fender Flares - Set of 4)They were well worth the money. They fit perfectly! Went on with ease.VERY SATISFIED WITH THIS PRODUCT!
easy to install
Fit my 95 Chevy K1500 4x4 pickup truck perfectly.  This system is made nicely, very stout brackets with #8 grade bolts for mounting brackets to truck chassis.  The bags seem to be engineered and designed well.  However, use caution and ease when tightening bottom bolt and top air fitting into the bag so as not to dislodge the integrated nut.  This system would have been top notch if the air fittings were brass and not plastic and if the air line were some other material other than plastic but overall seems to fit the bill and works well.Just installed this system this evening so cannot provide a complete, thorough review reference how the system functions with loads and air retention in bags.A straightforward install, just read the install booklet prior to attempting the installation, contains some pertinent information that makes it go smoother.  Plus it helps to have someone else to help you when installing the top brackets, you know the 'whole tighten bolts' scene-&#34;You got the nut held yet?&#34;Whomever stated this was a 2 hour install is a deceiver for certain..they must have installed the system on a naked frame with no body, no tires, no brake lines, fuel tank, etc;  It took me about 5 hours to install this system, so allot at the least an evening for the install.AND please be sure you have a level, concrete working surface to work off of in order to keep axle straight which is crucial to obtaining the proper ride height so the bags are mounted properly.  And put on a pair of old working coveralls...Overall, the installation is straightforward and enjoyable if you are a mechanically inclined individual.  Oh by the way, make sure you have a good quality, brand new 3/8&#34; drill bit on hand, to drill through the thick wall chassis. Makes it soooo much easier...chris
The air bags work great for leveling my truck when towing my camper.  I use a load leveling hitch, but it is not enough to level the truck.  I also installed the 25592 Load Controller II compressor system.  It took one evening to install the air bags and half the next day for the controller.  I'm a stickler for detail.  It may take a more experienced auto accessory installer less time than I.
Have used Air Lift spring kits on several vehicles since the late 1950's. This latest installation continues to be a quality product, well designed for my vehicle with easy to follow instructions. I highly recommend the Air Lift brand.
Took about 6 hrs to install. Have a good drill and bits. Anyone that's a little handy with tools can do it, but it's work.
Purchased for 2005 GMC 1500. Sometimes when towing,(depending on the weight) the rear sags .These level out the suspension.improve ride and handling.When not towing you dont even notice they are there. Does everything the manufacture says. Great price on Amazon. Fast shipping Too.
Quality parts in this kit. I am sure I will be happy with it when I start towing my trailer.Directions get the job done, but I must say, they jump from vehicle to vehicle.ex. Step 1 if you have a Chevy do this, if you have a Ford do this if you have a Dodge do this.Step 2 if you have a Chevy do this, if you have a Ford do this if you have a Dodge do this. etc. etc.How about start to finish on  one particular model at a time!!!!!!Otherwise, I like it and I would recommend it to anyone who hauls or tows heavy
I didn't understand why I needed to use the lag bolts when standard ones would be more secure.  I found out the frame is boxed where I needed to drill, so the lag bolts were the only way to go.  I wasted a couple of hours and learned that following directions is the best answer.  I do wish that the boxed frame would have been mentioned so I would know why the lag bolts needed to be used.  Otherwise, it was an easy mount.  We live and learn.  I like my lift kit, it works fine.
I purchased the AIR LIFT ride control rear spring kit for my 2001 F150 Crew cab. I upgraded my travel trailer to a larger unit and my pickup sagged a bit under the new unit(Be sure to know what you can safely tow and don't over load) After almost 4 hours of reading the poorly worded and organized instructions, I finally got the job done. I would rate the skill level required for installation as difficult. Measuring, lifting and using jack stands, drilling, and bolting the brackets to the inside of frame rails is not a job for the unexperienced do-it yourselfer or novice mechanic.The kit made a world of difference in the ride and improved the  handling of my truck while towing or not.I am very pleased with my AIR LIFT purchase but wish the manufacturer would make the instructions easier to follow!
Be aware - Air Lift Air Springs are very prone to leaking!  So, why might that be important to you?  Well, here's what it's meant to me.I've had these on one of my vehicles for several years now and learned the hard way.  I bought this kit assuming they held air like tires, check them every once in a while like I do my tires and I'm OK.  Wrong!  Do not make that assumption.One sleeve went flat within a couple of weeks of installation.  I didn't know it.  Running flat these things self destruct.  You will see this mentioned in other reviews.  It's common.  Anyway, I checked the other sleeve.  It had also leaked and was low but still good.  note: I plumbed each side separately with its own valve.)A hundred dollars later and I was back on the road but the new sleeve also leaked.  I called the factory to complain and was told that, if I didn't like having to check the sleeves every time out, buy the compressor kit.Well, why don't they be honest about it and tell you that right up front?  For many, like me, the Ride Control Kit is not an acceptable solution all by itself.So, if you add a $200 compressor to your order, you're now spending $400.  And you have a lot of work staring you in the face.  Thinking twice?  Why not do it right and replace the springs like you should have done to start with?  They don't leak.  I can get real nice springs for $400?  And, in the long run the installation is a whole lot simpler.  See all those little parts?  They all have to go somewhere.  All those threaded things?  They go in holes you have to drill.  Don't forget to use jack stands.)I will admit, the kit does work well when it is aired up.  I have to add air just about every time I use the vehicle and carry a small 12V compressor everywhere I go.  It's inconvenient (imagine cold, rain, wind, snow) and I think unkind thoughts each and every time, even when the weather's nice, but they do work.If you're still convinced to band-aid your problem with this solution, do yourself a huge favor.  Go all the way.  Don't buy just the Ride Control Kit.  Get the compressor kit as well.  Allow plenty of time.  An extra set of hands is a good idea as is a spare vehicle for those errands to the store to buy other stuff you might need.  Watch your language if kids are around.  Read the instructions first.  Better yet, read them before you buy.  Look simple?Why am I writing this so long after buying?  I just lost another hundred dollar sleeve.  My fault.  I forgot to check the air last time.  And, I'm deservedly grumpy.  Can you tell?  Don't let this be you.
Great product, fast shipping and easy install.  Ride is much better now and the adjustability for loads and traction equalization is excellent.
The Airlift ride control system is exactly what I wanted for my late model Ford 4x4 truck. The installation instructions were easy to follow and it did improve my Ride control with hauling a heavy load along with towing my travel trailer. Very satified with the purchase.
Installation was easy, instructions were concise and correct. No troubles so far, can easily and quickly adjust suspension when I pull my camper.
The part arrived in under 48 hours. It says it takes a couple of hours to install. That seems about right. It does require drilling and an impact gun helps the process. The instructions were clear and all parts were included. They worked like a dream leveling out my Dodge Dakota. I load a full size motorcycle in the bed and then hook up a camper. My truck rode like it had no additinal weight on it. The price was right, delivery was quick and they worked as well as I could imagine.
Highly recommended, good product and really easy to install.  It is really recommended to have a few good tools, including several cheap or one really good drill bit.  A nice way to put this on is to tap the holes and then weld the joints for permanent installation. Routing the hoses really needs to have some plastic coil wrap to protect the small lines.  I mounted the fillers in both sides of the license plate and are really easy to access- it is the place recommended and it is a really good spot.  I wrapped my brake controller wire, trailer wires ad hoses in one wrap and put on zip ties every location it was possible to give it positive location.
I am using them with a slide-in camper, they add extra load carrying when camper is in the bed, and a great ride when not.
Everything installed pretty smoothly.  However, while installing, I wondered how well the bag would stay on the screw at the bottom.  6 months later, that's where it broke.  The plastic base the screw goes into broke, and now the bag won't hold any air.  Not a good product, unless it had a better warranty (like [...], who has a lifetime warranty on their air bags).
Used this kit on my 2005 GMC Sierra crew cab 1500 for a 1" lift and towing duty and it works great no harsh ride when not towing and even less noise and vibration inside cab now.
First time I ever used these and I can say install was even easier than they claim. Fit perfect and make a world of difference on my truck....no more squat with heavy loads. No rough ride either.
Was very easy to install and could level out my truck after my slide in camper was on.
I bought it because I haul a lot of wood.  I'm probably hauling too much wood but my truck still squats a lot with the bags at there max pressure (100psi.)  It at least keeps it off of the bump stops.  If your hauling wood I would recommend looking into kit #(59542) because it puts the bag directly over the axle.  Maybe even a 3/4 ton kit.  Also on the 98 ford, the driver side is a pain because of the fuel tank and fuel lines.  I had to use shorter bolts than the kit provided to not hit the lines.
I have a long box chevy pickup that I regularly have loaded with heavy items and pulling a trailer.  I researched these products to death prior to buying one.  I wanted the ability to adjust my truck back to normal ride height regardless of what I was towing.  The product absolutely does the job.  My 27 ft 5th wheel makes the truck squat a good 6 inches.  The airsprings restore the truck to its normal ride height in seconds.  My justification for the 4 star rating rather than 5 is that the instructions make this install so black and white, when truly it takes some planning.  The suggested install location wasn't going to work because of my 5th wheel brackets.  Some easy modifications to my truck (small notch in the cross members that support the bed and the install was perfect.  The install tool really does make things fool proof.  I suggest attatching the bottom bracket with the install tool in place, then clamping the top bracket into place and drilling, as opossed to marking the holes.
This is my third truck I have installed Air Lift brand on. As in the past I like the end result but I am very unimpressed with the directions and quality of the kit.  The directions bounce all over so plan on reading them several times.  If you have a Silverado, plan on ignoring some of the specific instructions.  They call for placing a thick spacer washer to level the upper bracket - well, after trying and uninstalling the bracket I called their technical folks they told me very casually to NOT install the washer - I must have a different truck.The white nylon installation tool is handy - if they would only thread it properly.  Instead of rolling the threads they should cut them properly so you could actually get the guide nuts on without wrenches.  They do provide all the hardware and even a few extra's so when you loose parts inside the frame rail there are more to choose from.  I had to cut off a few of the bolts as they were way too long.Even though they don't call for any specialized tools, having a set of crows foot open end wrenches that can be calibrated to your torque wrench would be handy, or you need to be cleaver enough to find a way to torque the bottom bolt going into the plastic base of the bladder.  I know about that because of truck number  1.They don't provide enough wire tie wraps for the hoses so you'll need to get extras.I must add that allowing four hours for install, calling tech help and fixing a few minor things is more appropriate than the 2 hours they suggest.All that considered, the ride is great and they do exactly what they are supposed to do
96 Chevy 1500 short bed extended cab, installed for one year... I love these for towing my camper, easy to level no matter how the wife loaded it but, the "Up to 2000 pounds of leveling capacity" isn't quite right. I use this truck to haul wood pellets by the ton. When they are placed on the bed, I get about an inch off the bump stops at best with the bags at 100psi. It is a far improvement over stock however I would buy the larger set if I were to do it again. (Yes I do understand that doubling the rated payload of the truck is not recommended however a $200 set of bags is a slight bit cheaper than a one ton truck.)They do require constant checking as far as pressure is concerned. I keep them at 30psi when empty and regularly find they have slipped below the 20 mark.
Works like a charm. Leveled my Dakota up perfect with 1600lbs of ice in back. Made all the difference in handling and driving.
THESE REPLACED MY OLD LIGHTS AND THEY LOOK DAM GOOD CLEAR LENSES AND STURDY PRODUCT NOT A PEICE OF ISH IF U KNOW WHAT I MEAN
I like change so I figured that I would go with clear Turn signal lamps. It looks really nice on the truck.
They work fine, look great.I have old bulbs in  they shine great, just as good as headlights.awesome!! I would recommend!!!
Good looking replacement for original lamps. Much better visibility, very bright. Good fit, had to grind grill a little, these were for slightly later model. Very hard to find for my model year. very pleased with lights
I bought these for my 1997 Z71 and they look great. They are just the way I wanted them and they make a big difference in the look of any truck you put them on. And with an easy install I would recommend these to anyone.
These are the perfect complement to any older truck, the fit perfect and in case you didn't get it from my title, they look SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET.Great price, great looks, perfect fit. what else can i say.
Perfect fit, no adjustments to make.  15 minutes to install with phillips screwdriver.  Plastic lens sealed to plastic housing. Appears to be well constructed.  After several months there is no moisture or fogging inside the units.  Significant increase in visibility when viewed from a distance. Good match for Spyder auto glass lens replacement headlights.  A glass lens would make these perfect.  I would purchase these again.
I RECIEVED THESE LIGHTS WHEN IN TWO DAYS... AND THEY FIT RIGHT THEY MAKE MY 96 BURBAN LOOK SO MUCH BETTER.... I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE LIGHTS TO EVERYONE
Exactly what I ordered they look great on my SUV. Makes your truck show off like a great looking vehicle. The only problem I had was when I went to the carwash an there are two holes at the bottom of the lights that were not sealed right, just slapped a little silicone on em an we're good haha. Over all a great buy would totally recommend this product
When purchasing, how many tail lights are suppose to come in the package?One tail light or the pair?
I purchased this for my husbands 1996 chevy c1500. As he installed them, both broke on various corners. He was not rough with them at all, so it was not because of being careless. The taillights are also not a proper fit,there is a gap. I checked before buying, that these would fit his vehicle and was assured they would. Because of all this, I dont recommend them.
I bought them for a buddy, his truck looks cool now.  I am currently looking at a set for my truck.
The merchant you purchase from is very important, some will fool you. I purchased from amazon and the tail lights are just like the picture. The chrome does look good not like another was saying. The lights a kind of heavy so that mean they will last long. Remember who you purchase from.
i ordered this product twice but it does not fit 2003 chevy silverado as it says.one hole for sidemarker bulb is missing.do not waste your money on this.
These tail lights look super without breaking the bank.  Easy to install (use existing wiring and bulbs).  The only downside so far is they fog up when it's damp outside so I fear moisture may be getting in somewhere.  All in all a good value, just not great.
These lights are crap. They do not line up with the body and are overall ugly. First wash and I had water in them
I only paid around $35 dollars for the set about two years ago. A friend recomende not to go with these lenses because he said they would probaly leak and turn foggy. Well, thay still look really good after two years.
Ordered these to replace the factory tail lights in a 97 Ford Ranger. I was a bit disappointed that there were no instructions of any type included, but was able to figure out pretty quickly how to get them in...even though the lights connect into different sockets than the factory ones did, just had to pay close attention to the shape of the socket in relation to the shape on the light plug. Once in, they do look awesome, except for a small gap all the way around the outer edge, which does concern me a bit that we may have issues later on with water leaking in. If so, it may be something that could be resolved by using a clear silicone to seal with maybe...guess we'll see.
Autometer makes some very high quality gauges. This gauge is no exception in terms of build quality, but unfortunatley a narrow band AFR (Air-Fuel Ratio) gauge is not very useful. It taps into the car's stock oxygen sensor and as a result what you see on the gauge is a constant sweep back and forth from full rich to full lean. You get a pretty light show, but no useful information. Fortunately, Autometer will soon be releasing a wide-band AFR gauge that will include a Bosch wide-band oxygen sensor. That setup will provide useful information. Until then, skip this narrow band setup and save your money for something useful.
The Air/Fuel Ratio Gauge allows you to manage how much fuel is getting to the engine at certain accelerator positions. It is recommended to install a fuel management controller for better results. This gauge is excellent for automotive enthusiasts running a turbo'ed car.
Excellent quality. These fit perfect and look amazing. They would have been great left black, but I had them painted to match and they came out incredible. Super easy install, it took a total of 30 minutes and they are on solid.
Fit very nicely.  Tape is a little tricky and took some time, but the rest was easy.  Look great.  Recommend.
I bought this item to cover up some rust around the wheel wells on my 2002 GMC Sierra.  The product arrived promptly and in good condition. They were fairly easy to install [u-tube video helped] and lined up [w/ a little bit of force] with the existing holes in the vehicle. I didn't like the 'feel' of the plastic fasteners that came w/ the kit so I substituted stainless steel screws.  The flares really gave the truck a nice look and I am totally satisfied with the product.
I left the flares black as my suburban is white.  Looks awesome and gives it a heavy duty look.  I added a bull bar and a step hitch along with the flares.  My wife loves her rejuvenated truck/SUV.  TIP: Take your time when installing the rubber lining weather stripping and take your time aligning the flares as it takes a little force to align.  I did it myself but would go smoother with two persons.  These are better than other flares as they are made with more material.
fit perfect , install was a breeze, and looks really good. the real bonus is tons of coverage on those rusted fenders.
Would have gave 5 stars but the screws were a little dinky, went to the hardware & bought my own.Otherwise they were a breeze to install and they look very nice on a 2001 dodge ram. I used rust encapsulator to slow down fender rust first then installed. Huge coverage, about 5 inches. Should keep it looking nice for several years.
After my steel chrome tubes rusted out, I wanted a low maintenance but nice look for my truck bed rails.  These aluminum diamond plate rails did the trick!  They fit great, and give the truck a very unique and clean look and protects the bed rails where my chrome tubes did not. The pre-cuts for the stake holes worked out nice, since I installed pop up tie down hooks for tying things into the bed. Highly recommend these.
I was always a Holley guy but thought I would try an Edelbrock. This thing ran fantastic right out of the box!
We installed this carb on a 383 stroked using the Edelbrock Performer manifold. The process was relatively simple and the carb works flawlessly.
Ordered My Edelbrock 2101 Intake For my 80 Corvette. I received all parts listed an depicted in the picture. Could not complain : > package condition and items inside. I Highly recommend this product for anyone looking for an upgrade for their small block project.I searched far an wide on other sites for this part. Found it for the right price on amazon compared to Summit or Jegs. I don't normally order automotive parts off here. Do your research an you shouldn't be disappointed.  Hope this was helpful to anyone looking for this application. Thx CHris[...]
Great quality American made product, I love Edelbrock, both the intakes and the carbs! Great Value for your muscle car! Got this one for my 1980 Corvette, with emissions!
it was great ...fitment....angles.... and surfaces were perfect!! All products should take note of the leader...don't know what else to say...'cept it was exactly what I expected
When changing carbs in my Corvette I needed a low rise intake manifold. Amazon had the Edlebebrock manifold that I needed. Thank You
For those reading this, please buy a sturdy tonneau cover (not this one).  The cover itself and all the snaps are in great shape but a big gust of wind snapped the frame at every corner!  This item fit my 2007 F250 perfectly and was an easy one person install but holy goodness, build the frame with a little bit of quality.  It has been over a month and not sure if I can return this since I don't have the box anymore but I will be either returning this or chunking this big waste of money in the trash.  Be warned...Update.  So this cover is not the best but after the frame broke in a wind storm, I called Extang and told them what happened and they mailed me all replacement parts at no charge.  I am cautious though when it is windy and I'm out driving, I keep a close on it in the rear view mirror but haven't had any problems with it since I replaced all four corners.  My first review might have just been a few bad parts compiled with extreme wind gusts.  I am happy with my product but still keeping a watchful eye for another bed cover.
If you need that aggressive sound you've found the right muffler.  This will take a stock setup and make it sound great, and will take custom pipes (headers, etc) and make it sound awesome!My stock ends were connected to Hooker Headers and custom 2 1/4 straight pipes with w/no cats.  It sounded decent... key word: DECENT.  I needed an upgrade.  I went with these because they are one step below the LOUDEST, the Flowmaster Super40s.  I didn't want it to sound too ridiculous, and got EXACTLY the sound I wanted.  I YouTubed the heck out of all kinds of mufflers on all kinds of setups... and this was great for me, especially since I have dual exhaust.  My engine is a Chevy 350 with a big 235 cam, Edelbrock performer intake, Holley 750 carb, etc etc in a '77 Corvette just so you know where the sound originates.  What's really great is that the sound mellows out when you're just cruising, so you don't have too much resonance within the vehicle, but when you jack that pedal down it definitely roars back out... especially over 100 mph (did I say that ???) :-) !!The price on Amazon is also great... about half of what the local places charge, which came in handy when buying a pair of them.  Highly recommended... wouldn't buy anything else, and the name is well known for quality.  I am very satisfied.
I have a 2005 Impala that I used this for. Works fine, sounds great. I also used the Magnaflow cat elim , and Bend delete.
Bought this on amazon then took down to a shop to have installed which saved me a few bucks (be advised, some shops will not install a product you do not buy there so be sure to ask in advance if there is somewhere specific you want to get the work done).For the muffler itself, I love it.  I did not want too loud of a muffler as I live in a family neighborhood but I still wanted a little rumble with it and this delivered perfectly.  The sound is heavy and steady, none of that light, tinny sound cheap ones give but is not loud enough to irritate anyone.  I am planning on getting another and going dual with them.The muffler was nice and heavy and had a very solid feel to it which is what you need if you want a good clean sound, thin walled mufflers create a tinny, 'cheap speaker' kind of sound.  Definitely liking flowmaster.
It's well built, was the right size, and fit my 1967 Cadillac perfectly.  This does not come with the muffler clamps, so you should either order them separately or pick them up at your local parts store.
Great muffler, put them on a 03 PI crown victoria. They sounded great when you throttle down, real quite when rolling through town.
This muffler is great got it hooked up to a 02 Chevy Cavalier with Magnaflow cat, pacesetter headers and it sounds good!! and for the price cant beat it
Ah it's a flowmaster!!!! Can you say anything else? Distinctive sound for sure. Interior drone yep it's a 40 series. Sounds bad ass
Help the car breath better and gave more hp.Best performance was on highway
Had this installed on my stock 1995 Z28 Camaro by my mechanic. I can notice the throttle response and it almost sounds like one of my old Holley dual feeds when I open it up. After installation, he called me over to see where the actual filter is. The filter is mounted so low that you CANNOT go through deep puddles or standing water or risk sucking in water into engine & that's never a good thing. The bottom of this filter is just above the plastic tray. But that's where it needs to be to suck in cool air. This is from the installation instructions..." CAUTION: The Air filter has been positioned low to maximize the performance of your vehicle.Extreme care should be taken in wet conditions as excessive water in the filter can lead to engine damage." Remember, this review is for this model for the Camaro only. Other models might not have this problem. So if you see a sign that says ROAD FLOODED turn around!
One of the easiest ways to increase HP without getting into engine internals. For a novice, this was a decent challenge, but really doable by anyone with some basic tools and a little determination. The instructions were pretty good, and I really appreciated the fact that they included the dyno chart backing up the claim that it added the ~18 HP.
what you see is what you get, you will need to drill a hole on the heat shield and saw off a part of your radiator so the intake fitsif you have a 95 camaro you don't need the adapter which is the  3-4 inch tube thing, if you don't have ramps or a jack tightening the filter is going to be a biotch
Using this on a 6 cyl. I should have saved my money. But the sound that came from using it was pretty nice. Actually I got about 100 miles out of it before a drunk hit my parked car and totaled it.
Arrived before estimated delivery day and packaging was terrific. Installation is a little difficult with on person but doable. Works on both fuel and hp. Can actually hear more air entering the engine. Would recommend for any vehicle for more power.
I bought this and installed it for my truck and am extremely happy with the purchase.  The install went very smoothly and was pretty straight forward.  The only thing that was a slight inconvenience was to slightly trim the lip of the fan shroud so the tubing wouldn't rub and would fit properly, but it states you may have to do this in the directions.  I ended up getting flomaster 40 series exhaust the next day and the Chevy V8 sounds amazing.  I would highly recommend the K&N for anyone looking for a little added performance as it definitely opens up the engine, especially when coupling it with an exhuast system or performance muffler.
Con:Installation is tight and requires time and patience. The Rubber attachments need to have the plaatic tubing wedged in. The tube seems slightly too long to "wiggle" into place. Airbox is replaced so besides tools have a leaning rag to get dust and debris cleaned out.Pros:Noticeably more horsepower.1 to 2 miles per gallon in gas mileage improvement.Slight whistle noise with heavy acceleration due to the straight tube not having a noise baffle. Quality air filter with a great warranty. Hardware, tubing, and heat sheild are nice and hold up well. Air filter is washable. Instructions are easy to understand even if it requires manipulating to install. Air flow seems to be increased substantially.Suggested add ons: hypertech tuner and borla exhaust
I put this on my truck about a year ago and I'm still really enjoying it. I could definitely feel the little boost in power from all that extra air getting sucked through. It also makes those Chevy 5.3s sound a little more throaty, can't wait to get an exhaust system to really get it rumbling.
little bit of trouble making it fit on to truck but over all helps performance and decrease reaction time of the engine.
Thrilled with the power it gives my 2003 GMC Sierra.  I notice the gas needle hardly moves.  I tend to have a lead foot and find the needle staying put anyway.  I have to drive a great distance to work and back each day, main reason to put this in my truck.
Bought for a 2004 Chevy Silverado and it works great. Hand the mechanic put it on cause my husband is not mechanically incline but I can hear the air running through it when he gets on it. Works great
Awesome product! Increased my mpg by 3-4 extra miles per gallon. Increased my horse power by 20%. Don't know how I got along without it. Quick delivery and absolutely no damage during shipping. Will definitely do business with them again.
Great product, fit is a little tight but it fits after throwing a few wrenches and questioning your existence on earth.
I had another brand name Cold Air Intake (CAI) on my truck and it was getting up in age. Since it used a K&N filter, and I have used K&N Air and Oil filters for years, I decided to drop the extra coin for their version of the CAI. I was very impressed with the quality of the materials used and how well this was put together. Installation took me a little longer to accomplish because I had to take the upper radiator fan shield off to complete the installation. I also had to use my heat gun on the rubber gasket and the nylon couplers because it was 33 degrees outside and about 40 in my garage. Regardless, everything went together without a hitch. K&N really knows their stuff when it comes to air filters. BTW, I was installing this on a 2000 GMC Sierra RCSB 4X4 (4.8L) and I did not need to trim anything from the rubber gasket. I would still recommend a heat gun or letting it sit out in the sun (depending on the outside temperature) before you install the rubber gasket. It just makes it pliable and easy to work with. Great product and well worth the extra $$$$ I spent. Thanks K&N and Amazon!
This is a good upgrade to my 2000 GMC truck I notice the power right away and runs better I'm happy with this k&n upgrade.
The air intake kit was surprisingly easy to install. The only thing I don't like about it is that there is no top cover over the K&N Filter. I need to develop some sort of cover on a hinge so that it moves out of the way to inspect/clean the filter. It took just a little over an hour to install. The instructions aren't very clear on how to assemble the air box, but, luckily I'm mechanically inclined and it was fairly easy for me to install. You will have to work it over the tube. I recommend you tighten the hose over the intake tube at the throttle body end first before you slide it onto the throttle body. The rubber hose that goes over the intake tube on the filter side was a little difficult to slide over the intake tube. after you slide the tube onto the throttle body, work the filter side of the tube onto the mass air flow sensor. It's going to be a tight fight. I worked it over the mass air flow sensor as much as I could and the lip that didn't go over the sensor lip, I used a small allen wrench and slide the short end between the rubber tube and sensor and worked it around like a shoe horn until the entire hose was over the mass air flow sensor tube. After installing the kit, I ensured to tighten all the clamps and bolts. I was a little disappointed at first because I was expecting to hear more of a throaty sound coming from the engine. I don't know how much of a difference there will be, power wise since I haven't used it to tow my trailer yet nor have I used it up in the mountains, but, I am looking forward to hearing it on the road.
Great buy, you can defiently tell a difference in the truck when you add the intake and it makes a crisp whistle when added to a throttle body spacer
ONLY AFFECTS MID TO UPPER RPM RANGE, BUT CAN FEEL IT WHEN UNDER LOAD. SOUNDS COOL!
I haven't checked the fuel mileage since installing but I have noticed a little extra power while towing my trailer. Not a huge difference, but a little. Installation is easy and fits well. Nice look as well.
Got this for my 2000 Chevy Silverado. I could absolutely feel a difference in acceleration, and could hear a difference in the exhaust. It made my Flowmaster exhaust tone more pronounced, which makes sense since a CAI basically allows the engine to 'breathe' better. K&N is the gold standard of air intakes and filters. You get what you pay for, these things are worth it and are very high quality. Fitment is guaranteed, and installation is pretty easy. I use K&N filters for all my cars.
The 5.3 LM7 truck engine is very restrictive from the factory, THIS kit is perfect to unlock some hidden horse's I personally believe i gained more HP than the kit says it will give due to my custom exhaust, BUT thats not all it gives i GAINED almost 5MPG City i mean come on how can u beat that it will pay for its self in less than a year, i have estimated about 18 city and almost 26 highway (IF) i keep my happy hot foot out of it, (harder than u think when u can hear ENGINE roar from the front and the rear) especially when if u are like me LOVE performance street machines yet want to keep the driveablity.
Fit perfect on my 1999 Chevy Silverado. Could really hear a difference in the way that the engine sounds. you can hear the pistons a lot louder now that i installed this K&N
Very easy to install and haven't had issues with it. Improved horse power and gas mileage. Best price on the internet.
Had it installed in about an hour, nice fit.Air induction tube was a tight fit by the fan shroud. Only about an 1/8 inch of clearance. Sounds great. Not sure yet about increased horses.
Bought it here and it was like 35 bucks cheaper then other websites got it sooner then expected very satisfied if ur looking for a k&N order here
One of the best way to add more horsepower to your truck. Cheaper than at any other shop in your valley.
Easy to install gain some throttle response and gain about 1.5 mpg on my 2002 gmc sierra 4.8liter I would recommend this product to any one
This product works just as I had expected it to.  It sounds great when you open the throttle and as the tach makes its way to 3-4,000 rpm's.  A nice roar from under the hood.  The power increase is minimal but can be felt. Overall a great product and a fairly easy install.
My truck is a 2001 Chevy Silverado extended cab with 5.3l v8 and 4 wheel drive with 146,000 miles on it. The K&N 57-3021-1 Fuel Injection Performance Kit Gen2 Air Intake Kit was a quality product and took about 90 minutes to install. I had more trouble getting the old air filter housing, air box and air mass sensor off than I did putting the K&N on. I did have to shave a small amount of fan housing off to eliminate a too close fit but that was minor. The results were oustanding. Prior to installation, towing our 2011 Jayco Jay Feather Ultralite 197 at 4000 lbs loaded was laboreous and a bit leisurely, 55mph being the best I could hold and 2nd gear up most grades. After installation, the engine feels less labored and hard at work with lots more power and in conjunction with a Hypertech progammer, I can now hold 55mph easily and in overdrive, and it feels much better with more power and 3rd gear up grades. Our gas mileage, observed over several tanks over grades and mountain passes going to our favorite campgrounds, has gone from 10 mpg to 13 mpg. The K&N was well worth the price and I would recommend it to anyone.
I have installed a system like this on a 1998 Chevy 1500 4x4, a 1999 Dodge Ram 4x4, and a 2000something Ford F150.  Each time the install was a breeze and there was a noticeable difference with the throttle response.  As far as MPG increase, did not notice cause I drive like a bat out of **** anyway.  I would recommend this product for any application you have, they are great.  I currently have a 2004 GMC sierra that will have one of these on it very soon.
The installation (and particularly the vague/unclear/undetailed instructions) were a little bit of a pain in the neck.  But I was able to get it all done without any modifications to my truck. (2000 Silverado LT  5.3 4x4)  Because of the instructions it probably took 3 hours, could have been about half that.  (yes, I read everything at least twice.)  I got about the same mgp, but like another review said I have been driving a little harder to hear that rumble.  I know when I start driving like an adult again I will have better mpg.  And my acceleration is night and day better.  Now I just need to get an exhaust upgrade.  Bottom line, once I got it in there I love it!
My boyfriend has been wanting an FIPK kit for awhile now.He has some extra cash but was hesitant to order it..... I made him do it and now.... HE LOVES IT!Awesome product!
Easy install on my GMC, easy to clean, improved performance, highly recommend, will use K&N filters on all my rides...
The Lund bug shield looks amazing on my truck. i like how it wraps around the edges of your hood. Its also super tough!  But it was a little tough to get on our explorer.  The parts it came with wouldn't attach it to our hood and we had to go buy some different anchors/screws.  We got it on and im VERY happy with this purchase!
I had bought an older Ford Explorer and have successfully restored it completly. The thought was to protect the hood and front windshield as best as possible. I've seen other deflector's of all styles on every car imaginable but this "Lund" product was the easiest to install and actually the best looking one out there for my automobile. So far I have had no problems and less bug yuck hitting my wind shield.
The coil itself works fine BUT, it does not come with "Supplied with 0.8 ohm ballast resistor, terminal and boot" like Amazon says it does.  Which sucks, because now I have to order those parts seperately and wait longer to get my car running.  If you need the ballast resistor, terminal and boot, order theMSD Ignition 8203 Blaster 2 Hi-Performance Coil, which includes them.  Amazon, you really should change your description to match what the product comes with.
works good, hot spark , big difference from the stock coil, Don't grab a bad plug wire with the engine running with THIS coil hooked-up
Installed this GMC 270ci inline 6 with an MSD 5520 Street Fire Ignition system and a single barrel carburetor. Handles the juice the MSD box puts out and my engine has never run smoother.
I bought the blaster 2 because I redoing my entire top end and I wanted to replace the old coil and get something a better. when I saw it for $29 on warehouse deals I jumped on it. It works great.
It was purchased for a back up at the track. Have not used it but if it works as well as the unit I am presently using we will be in good shape.
Very good replacement coil for the oil one that had a hole in it. The mounting  is the same ,I will recommend this to my friend.
I just installed this in my 67 Plymouth Sport Fury. Seems to make it run a bit smoother. Very easy install. Will be adding MSD 6AL ox next.
joelt item, felt difference immediately even lower idle a bit after install 8) first upgrade I'd do to my next project would be this.
I bought the MSD Blaster 2 Ignition coil along with the MSD-6AL box.  So far so good, now I'm sure all the fuel inside the engine is being burnt. MSD products are high quality and with proper care will give you many years of faithful service.
This is the perfect coil for my MSD 6-A ignition box.  It recharges quickly for great performance from idle to high rpm.
this is one of my best buys on amazon, this coil fits on any old car, I used on my 1985 6L f150 and its working great!
This product came very quick to my hands, is a high quality coil! is the best value, price value! ideal for street cars
im using this coil with an msd 6al box and the coil is performing very well
Product correct everything in appearance and functionalityThe product fulfilled my expectations, good seller serious!So I recommend to buy their productsI give a good rate in terms of reliability and service
Got it in a timely fashion, installed it in my 66 Olds and it fired right up! Great product, works as intended!
Hello,I'm from Turkey. I had an old Ford which have Ranger v6 engine on it. Due to expensive gas (10 USD per US gallon here) I'm using LPG on car. Due to LPG high octane I wish to improve my ignition power. Two years before I had and old Mercedes Benz (w124 200e) Bosch coil which died recently. My orginal plan was buy a new one and I cant found a Bosch one locally. So I choose msd and this ignition coil.Well, it arrive today and I test immediately. Results are very frustrating. This Red coil is basicaly red painted standart coil. Even my local produced 4 year old very bad shape designed for 4 pot 1.6 engine FIAT coil was giving same output.I Had full Iginition power tester, Which we used in our LPG Tuning shop. It shows 20kv on idle 10kv 2000 rpm and 4500 rpm this thing gives just 6kv.My old beated Mercdes Benz coil a steady 24kv on idle and 12kv on load.It was my first MSD experience. Honestly it was big disappointment. I buy a performance unit from overseas manufacturer which had decades of reputation in this sector.Then facing this performance, I feel robbed.My Best Regards
this unit was specifically recommended to me as possibly the only one that would surely work in my application,  it seems to be working fine.
I put about 2k into this old ford and it runs sweet. The MSD distributor with the 6al ignition box put the fire back in this little 302. I hate to say it but OMG&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;..This old girl purrs like a kitten and spins the tires with ease, maybe a little squirrely even. I might have to turn down the revs so the wife doesn&#8217;t blow it up.  I don&#8217;t think so. This distributor came with everything anyone would need to hook it up. It came with an assortment of wire ends and pigtails. In-depth instructions are all there as well as the web site address with warranty information.I was informed that It should be mounted with the coil wire straight up............This is what makes all the good juice........
Awesome! Great price, fast shipping. bolted right up to pick-up without any problems. VERY satisfied!This purchase made me realize that Amazon is more than books, CD's and movies.
Spouse wanted for truck.  Likes shiny things for the truck.Happy with them, installation not too hard.  Had to measure etc..but wasn't a big bad job.Pleased with them and how they look.
My dad love these babies on his fire red dodge durango.... it stands out from the rest of the others.... he loves it a lot... thank you very much ... definitely will buy from this seller again......
These fit my husband's truck like a glove. He was very happy with them and would order them for any other trucks he may obtain...
These were a pain to get put on, but it wasn't the mud flaps fault. The truck was a new used and the tires were an unpleasant surprise to work around.
I have an E-250 Ford cargo van.  With my recent back problems, I was having a difficult time climbing up into the driver's seat and I hoped that these running boards would make it easier.  They did.With these boards on my van, it now takes two equal-size steps to get into the driver's seat instead of one huge step up.I bought these from Amazon and had a local shop install them for me and they installed the frame braces different from what the instructions say.  The instructions want you to install the braces (2 on each side) at equal intervals, the first at 1/3 of the way back from the front wheel and the second, 1/3 of the way forward from the rear wheel.Instead, the shop that installed mine put the frame braces at each door where the most stress is.  This works great.The only negative thing is the sound these boards make in the rain.  As the water sprays up from the front tires, it hits the underside of the running boards and sounds like someone is aiming a pressure washer at my truck!
Work well.  Fairly easy to install.  I put them on my van.  One caveat is a right angle drill is helpful as the tires get in the way of wheelwell screws and the frame doesn't have a whole lot of room either.  One tip is to buy extra 1/4 x 20 bolts and bolt the braces to the frame through preexisting holes.  It's a lot easier than drilling the frame and you're less likely to hit one of the lines routed through there.  I suspect that my Ford van was predrilled as there were hole in the prescribed spots.
this is a trouble free carburator and i would  purchase another one  the one on my 1969 camaro work like new  please purchase one  Eddie B J r
Ainda no instalei no meu Landau, mas como j&aacute; tenho visto os produtos Edelbrock so de &oacute;tima qualidade.
My dad and I installed this on my 82 Camaro in one afternoon.  The only problem we ran into was the bolts to mount it to the intake manifold.  Went to three auto stores before getting ones that worked.  Initially the carb wasn't sitting right with the seal provided with it, and it had a pretty bad vacuum leak because of this.  So switched from the outside bolt pattern to the inside bolt pattern and that fixed the problem.  Didn't have to do to much tuning to get it to idle.  This carb is very responsive.  As always Amazon got it to me quick.
The spacer was not included and that is something you need for an install on an 85 Chevy also you will need something to hook the throtle cable to. Overall the product was good, i just had to purchase more for my modle truck.
I am still in the process of having this product installed on my small block chevy engine for my '71 Pontiac LeMans T37. The price was decent but first thing I noticed is that it did not come with vacuum lines which sucks because I now have to find & pay for some @ an auto parts store. Wouldn't have been too bad if I hadn't purchased an Edelbrock Intake from here that was also missing parts & came with the wrong gasket. I wish these products told you what they DON'T come with rather than what they include because sometimes even if we know what we're doing we can over look a small part.
I am no motor head, but this carb went in with no problems and worked like a charm.  The installation DVD made it near idiot-proof.  I had to adjust the idle a little, but that was more of a preference thing.  Highly recommend this carb to anyone who needs a reliable user-friendly replacement.
I believe this to be a great carb, if not the best, for its application. It's in my '85 C10 350 5.7 1/2 ton 2-wheel shortbed.That being said, I will not use this space to repeat what others have said about it's many virtues.  Instead, I'd like to give a little advice on what I've learned about these carbs.For anyone out there that has been doing any research on these carbs online or in magazines, you've probably come across the words "Out of the box" or "Bolt-On" Performance.  I believe this to be a misnomer.  True, you can literally bolt this carb onto you engine and it will start up and run.  Great.  But if you dont pull out that little flimsy paper L-shaped measuring device or a micrometer and really read the directions thoroughly, it will not perform anywhere NEAR its ability.  I learned this the hard way, and it took me over a year to realize it. I was lazy and in a hurry to get to work that day...Go through each of the little diagrams, and measure the gaps.  Bend those little linkages until you aquire the desired gaps.  Those linkages were stamped into shape, and they must 'spring' back a little afterwords, neccessitating YOU to tweak them perfectly.  Also, take the time to adjust those floats so that they are perfect, and even.  You NEED a consitant and proper bowl level.Lastly, acquire a FUEL PRESSURE REGULATOR AND PRESSURE GAUGE.  The regulator can be cheap from Autozone, as long as the guage reads no more than 6psi.  Maybe Google "Colortune spark plug" or "Edelbrock Stoicometer" to tune that puppy good. Oh yeah....VACUUM GAUGE!
Had a Holley 600 on the car and switched to Edelbrock. Edelbrock worked right out of box and tech help and video excellent assets.
I replaced old carb with this one and it was like night and day.The best carb I ever bought. The engine I put this on runs like it was new. At an idle you woulden't know it was running.
tightening the fuel lines fully will prevent the dreaded car b cue. tightening the torx screws may help (top) eliminate slight leaks. Make sure the electric choke is adjusted and not starving the engine of air. Have an experienced friend help you tune and install correctly to avoid ongoing problems such as plug fouling rich/lean condition etc. Once tuned you will be thrilled!
Purchased this carburetor about 2 1/2 years ago for my 351C 4V, 70 XR7, covt.Required a few adjustments:- electric choke change over was a problem setting up the electrical connections. It also needed heater, fuel and vacuum hose modification as well as an air cleaner riser/spacer. Finally ran OK. The carb. looks great. arrived on time and was packaged well.This vehicle has been operated less than 300 miles and now there is an external fuel leak and it appears to be dumping gas internally. The throttle shafts also leak causing a high idle..Noticed others recommend a fuel pressure regulator possibly the manual fuel pump is too much for it. Will try this.I hate to have to take it in for service /rebuilding with such little use.
The carburetor arrived on time and in perfect condition, Installation was simple and took only a few minutes.Its too nice looking to hide under the big old air cleaner.
I have a 1989 Ford F-700 429 4V 5&2 manual trans. bucket truck that had a motorcraft/holley 4 barrel that was completely worn out. It caused backfiring both from the exhaust and back through the carb.  I replaced it with a 1406 Edelbrock and it runs great again. The performance is like new and it gets much better mileage, 9 mpg now !!! as compared to about 5 mpg with the old carb.  It was a direct replacment the only modification was the fuel line which was very easy. 600 cfm is plenty of carb. for this application. I have owned several Edelbrock carbs over the years and have always had great luck with them.
Showed up on time, and works great
I have used 3 1406 carbs over the years on different cars. all were very easy to set with years of keeping a tune. My last 1406 I payed extra for the Endurashine model. It was for a car that gets driven less than 1000 miles a year. The first year the top started turning yellow. the second year flakes of clearcoat started to peal off and get sucked into the carb!! I called Edelbrock and they "rebuilt my carb". It returned looking the same crappy yellowish and flaking. I still had the same problem after the rebuild. I was soo mad and switched to Holley for awhile. I just want to let you know that the 1406 carb works good as long as you dont get the Endurashine model. I currently have an old 1406 with no Endurashine that I rebuilt on my mustang.RYNO from Illinois
Since installing this new carb the car is running as smooth as silk. However, maybe it's just imagined, but the car seems a wee bit slower than before. Perhaps some adjustments are in order. The choke seems to stick too and causes the idle to kick up too high.
I've ordered 3 carburetors during the past 1 years and the first two were Edelbrock's Thunder Series 500 & 650 CFMs w/Endurashine.  Both were beautiful and worked to perfection.  When I changed my heads & cam, I decided to order the Edlebrock 750 CFM, 1407 and save a few dollars (versus the Thunder/Endurashine).  Well that turned out to be a major mistake.  The carburetor arrived and I immediately noticed the plastic cover bag did not appear new and the carb base plate had nicks/scratches. Also, it was missing the base gasket. I used my old gasket and thought the nicks/scratches would not affect the performance of the carburetor, so I installed it.  The car was running rich (it was fine with the Thunder 650 CFM) so I started to fine tune the carb, and that's when I noticed the right air/fuel mixture screw was loose--should not be; the spring & close tolerance of the screw should keep the screw snug throughout all adjustments.  I should have checked these screws before installing the carb...it was totally unexpected.  When turning the screw to within 1 turn of the stop, the screw was snug, but the carb was out of tune.  Turning the screw to an optimal setting (RPM/Idle), and the screw was loose.  It's all about quality and I'm very disappointed with Edelbrock's quality control and Amazon.com's quality control WRT inspecting their packages.
excellent carburetor, i have working whit a  intake manifold edelbrock model 7521 and working very very good! thanks for this product, best resgards
If you are going to reuse your stock shocks, these were #1 recommended product for my Mustang.  I've had this for over a year now and ride is good, stance is good, and no issues with my shocks.
This is my second cover of the exact same type.  My first lasted 5 years in the North Texas heat, and cold.  It sets up easily, does a great job of protecting the contents of the bed and makes the truck look great.  Easy to roll up for larger loads.  This second one, bought from an Amazon dealer was obviously an open box sale.  It was missing one of the corner caps--the only reason for the four star review.  But, since I had my old parts still I was able to get a corner without messing with the dealer.
Easy installation,  looks great on my Dakota. Not convinced that it saves gas, but that isn't the manufacturer 's fault.
I  installed it in my new challenger 2013 SXT ... I did not notice any difference.totally waste product for v6 cars
I recently had this installed on my 06 chrysler 300 touring 3.5 L the mechanic cut out the whole rear section and ran a straight pipe car is very loud sounds great really good buy when couples with bruteforce cold air intake!
I installed this on my 1996 Honda Accord LX, It has the perfect tone. It has a nice deep tone, whenever I step on the gas the floor shakes. I love it! It's not a fart can, not a hair dryer. PERFECT tone. Great build quality as well, and I've noticed a slight performance gain, as well as a gas mileage increase. I had a stock muffler with a rust hole in it, so this is a huge upgrade! Highly recommend!
Great mufflers to replace stock mufflers on a mustang not too loud not too quiet just right to bring out that muscle sound of your car.
I was very excited to receive my 40 series muffler, and it did not disappoint. I installed it on a stock 21 year old truck and it sounds amazing. I also get 2.5 miles per gallon more in gas when I can keep my foot out of it.
this item was great. the person i ordered them from delivered them in a timely manner
I bought a pair of Flowmasters 42443 I/O mufflers for my 2003 Ford Mustang GT Convertible, and let me tell ya it's freakin awesome! It totally gave my car a meaner, louder, more aggressive sound. I recommend this to any mustang enthusiast looking for the same. The price was also unbeatable compared to the $250 price tag at local muffler shops.
I installed it in my car and sounds great, It has the perfect tone, i love Flowmaster  40 Series I'll buy 1 more
I love this muffler.  Offering a wide range of sound from the deep idle with a hollow throaty sound, to the 3000k rev and sputter let off....I own a Grand Am GT, V6, 3.4l...nothing special.  I watched some videos and thought it'd be cool just to have.  Let's just say that I am blown away by this muffler.  My car is making sounds and hitting notes I never could have imagined my little V6 200hp could make.  Heads turn and people ask all the time what kind of muffler I have.  My car sounds like a V8, some say it sounds like a racecar, but I wouldn't go that far.  It is still a muffled tone but DEFINITELY APPARENT.  This thing is a beast!  Given the finish and quality, I really think this muffler will outlive the life of my engine.  Money WELL spent.  I am pleased, the neighbors probably aren't!  My car needs a license plate "HELL ON WHEELS" because that is surely what it sounds like! WOW**EDIT***Cold Air Intake is a night and day difference...really seems to wake this muffler up.  I have the original series and it does seem like at about 2500-3000 range, the muffler gets quiet.  Also, it seems like the muffler is semi-quiet when it is cold, when it heats up it is definitely more profound.
Put them on my SBC, what a difference.. Especially with the way my block had its thumpty thump.. loved this item.
I have this installed on a 2005 Crown Victoria Police Interceptor.  It has a 4.6L V-8 engine and these mufflers make it sound absolutely astonishing.  I was worried that being their "most aggressive muffler" they would be too loud, but with the cats on it sounds wonderful.  It is in no way annoying and when at idle, the sound is a wonderful deep rumble that you can only hear when behind the car.  At wide open throttle, however, other know that you mean business.  I would recommend these any day. I had plenty of aftermarket exhaust systems in the past, including much more expensive Borla stingers on my 03 Cobra and Corsa pace exhaust on my Z-06.  These rank right up there sound wise and for the money they're a no-brainer.
When I light off that Ramcharger 440 in my '66 Satellite, these little darlings let me hear to full appreciation the Detroit Symphony Orchestra that's playing full song under the hood of this spirited street machine. As I listen to that sweet, intoxicating cacophony, I get blurred visions of a bucking and snorting muscle car with pounding pistons and dancing roller lifters actuating excited valves and all the related machinations and sounds working in concert to make the most beautiful cackle as those sharp notes and tones exit the stainless tailpipes under that real chrome bumper on my beasty MOPAR. Yes, I'm satisfied, quite satisfied.
I never knew my truck could sound so good.  The added bonus was the decrease in restriction over the factor muffler actually made a difference in drivability and power.  I'm buying a Flowmaster for every vehicle I have.  The sound, not too much, not too little, makes it fun to drive again.
I have a 2006 Ford F150 5.4L 4WD. I got this product originally to help on gas mileage. I installed the muffler myself. I had to go pick up a few exhaust parts from Advance Autoparts, but I kept the factory layout of the exhaust. The muffler help very little on gas mileage. It sounded pretty good too. It doesn't have that annoying loud popping noise like some mufflers. A month later I installed a K&N cold air intake (part number 75-2556) and the new sound was awesome. My truck now sounds like a BEAST from hell!! Lol! And it still doesn't have that popping noise either which is good. My truck now has a deep "growl" when I zoom down the road now. Highly recommended for other people with my same situation and DIY skills.
We had a leak in our old muffler and it hissed all the time. It is a Hi Performance vehicle anyway so we went ahead andordered the Flowmaster Series 40 it has standard openings 2.5 in and 2.5 out. It came in two days. Three days later I had it installed for $25.00 at a small auto shop.It took all of 20 minuets to complete. It has a very nice idle. Sounds like a sleeping GIANT but when traveling around town or on the highwayit's not LOUD. Just a mellow purr. I love it and gas mileage should be a bonus from this low restriction muffler.Recommended. All Flowmaster products give long life and great performance.
Although the muffler itself is a great "MADE IN THE U,S.A."  product it needs to be said that the measurements of the inlet and outlet pipes are not OEM dimensions.  Be certain and measure the exact diameters of each port before you purchase.  The Amazon "this fits your vehicle" feature isn't always accurate.
I'm running a 454" powered '71 Corvette that has a high-performance factory cam, a high-rise Edelbrock intake, and a 3310-2 Holley carburetor.  Up until now I had a set of stock mufflers on it and it would fall flat on it's face at around 3600 rpm.  After installing these 40-Series Flowmasters it blasts up to it's 5500 rpm red line with no signs of exhaust restriction whatsoever.  And as I'm also running a heavily-modified TH700R4 the amount of exhaust drone at cruising speeds is very small.  For those of you who want a very decent street/strip muffler at an affordable price these 40-Series Flowmasters are the way to go.  And with the free shipping they're even better.
It was a very reasonable price . The sound of the flow master muffler is awesome I am very pleased with this product !
Hi,I foolishly bought this on my phone not knowing that it wasn't for the V6 model of the 2003 Mustang. I went to a great mechanic and he said he'd make it fit although some mechanics wont take the time to do it.Its very loud for a V6 but I wish it was louder. I recommend this product to anyone as long as it fits.Its also a good idea to replace the exhaust tip while you're at a shop.
These mufflers are exactly what you expect from flowmaster, they sound great when you want them to and are much quieter at cruising speed than the original 40 series.  I bought these for my 2003 Mustang GT and they were almost a perfect fit, a little shorter than the stock muffler and the in/out are 1/4" larger than stock but that matches up great with an aftermarket x-pipe and tailpipes.  They also shipped very fast, arriving in less than 48 hours with the free shipping.  I can't speak for many other models but if you put these mufflers on a 4.6 mustang you will not be disappointed.
Old school Flowmaster sound! True duals 2 1/2&#34; pipe 305 v8 no cats. Sounds awesome!
The 40 series is one of the louder models flowmaster makes. Wouldnt recommend on small engines. I put this on a dodge ram 3.7 v6 and it sounds good at idle but its loud.you can hear it from inside my house. On small engine, has a lot of drown inside the cab and gets annoying. But thats my preference of how much sound i like. Sounds good while crusing but when it hits 2500 rpm, thats when the most drown hits. It eventually goes away while highway driving, higher gears kick in and sound goes down. Didnt notice much on mpg. And once you break it in, itll get a little louder. Hope this helpedReccomend on big engines( v8, big blocks, etc)If you like it loud, here you go!
Put this on my 2007 ford ranger with 4.0l and love the sound!! I dumped it at the axle and never looked back on the beauty of the sound!
Makes my 2007 f150 5.4 sound like a beast! So happy with it easy install. Perfect rumble. Cheap install as well
Can't complain it was they say it would've been, was the size that I order and it was also brand new
Bought this for my 94 Sonoma and it fit perfect. Got the Adapter to reduce the exit pipe and it sounds purfect!!
Cant beat the sound of Flowmasters. I have these on another muscle car and they have lasted 8+ years so far with no issues what so ever.
I drive a 1997 Dodge Dakota with a 3.9L V6 Magnum engine. The exhaust was completely stock, but the original muffler was beginning to rust through. Rather than wait for something to happen, I decided to get it replaced. After doing some research. I settled on the Flowmaster 40 Series because of the good price and I had heard good things about the brand. I had no idea what to expect from the sound, but I didn't have high hopes since my truck is only a V6. Installation was simple; the muffler was about an inch and a half shorter than the stock muffler, but it was not hard to add some extension pipe on the inlet side. Everything else is completely stock in the exhaust setup. To be honest, I was amazed by the sound. As my mom put it, my truck now "sounds like a real truck." It has a powerful and slightly aggressive rumble that is pleasant and not overbearing at idle. In acceleration it sounds fantastic, and the tone keeps it from being annoying or overbearing. Inside the cab, there is a noticeable rumble that I personally think sounds fantastic. It does not affect conversation or music listening, which is a huge plus. This has a louder and better sound than my brother's 2005 GMC Sierra 1500 (5.3L V8), and sounds like a louder version of my dad's 2010 Ford F150 (5.4L V8). I always hear people complain that upgrading the exhaust on a V6 just makes it sounds like a loud V6, but with the Flowmaster 40 Series muffler, I have a truck that sounds great!
I put a set of these on my 91 5.0 mustang thinking it was going to sound very aggressive. Truth is that the rest the rest of the exhaust is stock so in order to get the sound I was looking for an after market h pipe is in order. I've always been a fan of the 40 series flowmasters but other cars I've put them on have not had catalytic converters and those have always had the aggressive sound I wanted. Long story short if you are putting on a 5.0 mustang think about doing an h or x pipe too.
I put this flowmaster muffler on my 93 firebird and it sounds amazing! For the price this is a great upgrade from the stock sound and it looks great to have duel exhaust. If I were to upgrade I would probably go with either an SLP or Borla exhaust though since they have a deeper and more throaty sound.http://youtu.be/Muk7SRUataUThe inlet size on the muffler is slightly too large for the v6 93 Firebird so you will have to get some extra pieces to make it fit correctly and I would recommend a good weld on top of that.
Great muffler for a great price. Shipping was really fast and very happy with the sound and look it gave my 2000 camaro v6.
This muffler IS dual-outlet which means a stock 99 camaro like mine needs some pipework before this flowmaster can go in but once it was installed the  sound was day and night; lots of people in my town have flowmasters but there is nothing quite like having one in your own car. I highly recommend this one if you have a car like mine and want a nice roar from your exhaust.
Ordered the product and got it after a couple of days in good condition. Best bang for your buck. Sound is amazing on my G35 coupe, deep but not too loud. Would definitely recommend this product.
I was searching the internet to find out how I could make some improvements to my Mo'. I was excited when I found out that this Flowmaster muffler would fit my Murano, for under a $100 I was able to get my Mo' to sound tough with a great noticeable growl on start up and acceleration. One thing I would recommend is removing the resonator to get maximum growl. At first I went with only the muffler swap, it sounded good but the mechanic at the muffler shop suggested removing the resonator so I went back a day later to have the resonator removed and that made a huge difference. I'll try to post a video of how it sounds, there are some great examples on you tube if you type in nissan murano flowmaster. Hope this helps.
This gives my quiet Murano some character... I like the tone when I hit 3000rpm... Another thing I like about this is there is no annoying vibration or anything inside the car, so the ride comfort stays the same....Update 08/01/2013I have addedFlowmaster 15371 Exhaust Tip - 4.00 in. Rolled Angle Polished SS Fits 3.00 in. Tubing - weld onand it gives lil more deeper note when you accelerate... Luv my MO...
Installed on a Nissan Murano. Since the inlets and outlets are in the same relative position, it was a quick, inexpensive swap ($125 installation fee from a local muffler shop). The original muffler from the manufacturer made the engine sound empty and gutless. This muffler is much smaller than the OE trash can, so it better hides under the bumper. This muffler is more free-flowing with less sound dampening. This muffler mated with a strong V6 sounds great! It's nothing like a Civic trying to sound like a stock car. It's a more tuned sound rather than an unrestricted loud.On startup, it growls to life. At idle, it has an audible but subtle gurgle. At normal acceleration, it has a nice, deep tone, but nothing loud or offensive. To catch eyes though, punch the throttle and it will bark!Fyi, this muffler used to come stock on the V6 Camero. If you youtube "Murano Flowmaster" you can hear the results. For under a hundred bucks, this is a great upgrade.UPDATE: I've had it for 3 years now and it's holding up well.  There is rust on the welds but nothing has rusted through.  I realize I should have coated the muffler with black, high-temperature paint to protect the welds from the harsh DC weather.
MY GRANDSON WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THE FLOWMASTER I ORDERED WE RECEIVED IT ON FRI 10/08/10 AND HE HAD IT INSTALLED ON SAT 10/09/10. THIS PRODUCT WAS 100% AS DESCRIBED AND MY GRANDSON LOVES IT.  THANKS FOR THE FAST SHIPPING AND EXCELLANT PRICE.
Just installed the series 40 with 3" CatBack on my 2012 Ford Raptor 6.2L.This muffler has an aggressive Bark that's undeniable Flow-master when you Hammer it.Great idle sound rumble and minimal interior rumble noise at 70 mph.Best sound ever on the Raptor Aka Blackbird.
For the V6 truck owners wanting to make your truck loud, if youre wanting the loudest thing out there to make your truck sound like a V8. This isnt what your looking for, if you want a good to moderate sound and noticeable performance gains, this is what you need to get, with a K&N air filter. End of story.
I was looking for this in a 3inch dual out but the 2.50 definitely does the job.  I think its definitely gotten louder since I bought it a month ago, some people may disagree.  Not too bad on inside drone..You can hear it the most around 1700-2000 RPM, pretty much right before it wants to shift or at about 77MPH.  I bought this for my 2002 chevy silverado 1500 5.3l V8.  If I did this again though I would make my exhaust true dual and still use the 40 series
After over 10 years of flawless service, I guess everything has to come to an end. I had this installed shortly after purchasing my Silverado in 2000 and spliting my exhaust. It has lasted way beyond expectations and two sets of pipes. This is exactly what a Quality piece of American Made equipment should represent to the consumer. Recently I had an unchacteristic back fire and blew the complete dual end off the muffler. I had to smile at the length of hard service and had no issues replacing it. I was very suprised that even after all these years, it was only a few dollars more than the origional purchase price. If anyone wants " what ya Pay for " FlowMaster is the only way to go
I have put a flowmaster on every vehicle i have owned since 1983-&#34;love em&#34;..so i just added a 40 series to my 2012 Ram 1500 Sport 4x4...wow, what a difference it made! Sounds better and runs better all the way...flowmaster forever on my vehicles!
I attempted listening on youtube, as well as reading reviews.  however, i spent some time asking drivers about their systems, before deciding on this muffler.  There is quite a difference between Flowmaster 40 and 50 (decibel level), as well as the between borla, flowmaster, dynaflow, etc.
After looking around for different exhaust options, I decided to replace the muffler on my Avalanche rather than go with a full cat-back system. I absolutely love the sound of this muffler and would highly recommend it. If you're looking for something louder than stock but not obnoxious, this muffler is it. It gets fairly loud on hard acceleration but the sound is deep and aggressive and it isn't followed by any drone while cruising, which was something that was important to me.
I had this flowmaster 40 series installed on my 2003 4.3L V6 silverado didn't think it would sound as great as it did. Once I heard come out of the muffler shop it blew me away sounded awesome. Beat my expectations. Idle sounds great and when I hit the gas sound mean as hell. Definitely would recommend and would definitely but again. Negatives have to be the cab noise I have single cab and the muffler noise is a bit irritating but nothing a little sound system can't take away otherwise a great buy.
I had a 40 series on my 03 Dodge 2500 Hemi and it sounded great. From idle to wide open it was a good growl with a good bark when you hit it. You can definitely hear the motor all the time. I had my system replaced and went with a 50 series and I think its alot quieter in the cab and out. If you like to hear your motor through the throttle get the 40, if you want a little sound but still cruises quiet get the 50.
The best sound that u can get for the price. I wish that it had a lower tone while idling but it still sounds like a monster!
After a lot of research, I was originally going to go with the 50 series, but I ended up second guessing it and choosing the 40 at the muffler shop.  I knew that was the wrong decision for my 4.3L V6 Chevy S-10 on the way home.  The sound from the outside at idle and with a blip of the throttle is deep and mellow.  I wouldn't call it overly loud at idle, and I actually did get some complements on the sound.  Where I never quite got on board with it was the resonance inside the cab.  It is hard to describe, but while cruising, the constant "bwwahhhhh" sound was just the right pitch to get on my nerves in that small space.  I was late to a friend's house once, so I was rushing to get there.  When I arrived, he told me that he heard me come around the bend a mile up the road!  This was reinforced by the fact that several people have told me through the years that they could always hear me coming and I experienced it myself when people returned the truck after borrowing it.  If I had it to do over again, I'm would definitely have gone with something quieter for sure.  Something that didn't make it so that you have to yell to be heard by your passenger and had a better sound at cruising speeds or while under load.  On the other hand, if you've got a teenager, and you want to know when they come and go, get these!  Part of my issues could have been due to the small truck that it was on, and the fact that the muffler had to be located directly behind the passenger seat.  Just to be thorough, I had a single pipe into the 40, and two coming out.  The pipes exited straight out the back, on either side of the license plate (halfway between the edge of the plate and the corner of the bumper).
Ok, I have a 1989 chevy K5 Blazer, TBI 350 mild build nothing special, with a Y-pipe into 3in pipe to a 40series with dual out 2.5 into 3in tips. Now when I origianlly installed this set up i still had the catilittic convertor and the sound was kinda blah, muffled like blowing air through a straw. No real depth to it, So i had the cat removed and woah. Now it is ridulously loud, way way way more than I ever anticipated and it has a horrible drone. So from my personal experience if you want a obnoxiously loud truck that drones down the highway and yells "HEY LOOK AT ME IM DRIVING A BIG TRUCK" then this is for you.... if your like me and just wanting a good depp rumble that you can live with every day try another set up. Im gonna try something elsee as soon as I can. But as far as the quality of the muffler and the looks I can say it is great, been on there for about 6 months before I removed the cat and still looked brand new and it went though a good KY winter. So in conclusion, durable, looks good but loud way loud. not something you can live with daily.
Put this on a 2003 dodge dakota with the 4.7 magnum and by let me tell you loud!!! My truck is just as loud as a old 5.0 mustang !!! Love the Sound!!!
good quality material.  The liner was a good custom fit, and it seems like it will hold up too. It takes a little while for it to smooth out from being rolled up in shipping, but overall this is a perfect addition for a tahoe.
I highly recommend this product!  It's very useful, fits well and has already proved it's usefulness within the first week!
Can never go wrong with Husky Liners!  They are great.  Just bought our third pair for our third car...  Does that tell you something?
This product looks great on my 99 F350 Dually , I love it! The price is great. And I will order again for other Husky products thru Amazon
I've had several of styles of this brand over the years and they've always been reasonably priced and have proven to be a great fit and look good.  Last set went on my 2011 F250.
Very easy to clean and make shine holds water dirt so none runs onto your interior very well pleased will be the brand i wil always buy .
too many words are required to say that this is a good product at a good price.  it met my needs,.
Good product but I think the same brand in a floor mat would be better. After a while they get discolored from wear. And the rear one is difficult to remove to dump out water from snow melt(without spilling) because it is one piece. But over all still a good product they definately keep your carpets clean.
I BROUGHT THIS FOR MY SISTER'S NISSAN MAXIMA. I HAVE ALWAYS BROUGHT K&N FOR MY CAMRY AND WIFE'S HONDA...YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITHK &N
Installed yesterday and have already noticed the difference in performance. I would estimate(based off my racing experience) approximately 3-4 HP 1-3 Torque throughout the RPM curve (98 infiniti i30 auto.) i cant speak yet regarding MPG but have noticed so far the needle hasn't dropped quite as fast as usual but will wait as time goes on how that continues. Other friends have used this filter and based off their experiences they have saved fuel and also noticed performance increases.Definitely recommend(cheaper than K&N; and retail stores) and its washable! You have an air filter for life.
Received on time and was the bet price around. Will be buying another one from my other two cars. Ordering was fast and easy.
It's a high flow K&N filter that fits my vehicle.  I honestly believe it improved my performance and fuel economy a bit.  That's why I bought it and it's does as all K&N filters are expected to do.  Filters well, never needs replacement, provides better air flow, filters well and may actually be increasing performance a fuel economy.  5 stars.
At first I was very excited by this filter.  Even wrote a glowing review.That was before the hot weather arrived, though whether this was a cause or coincidence is unknown.  All I know is that, after 10 days, the Check Engine Light came on and the car refused to go above 2,500 RPM.  Kept cutting out and jerking back and forth.  Put the stock filter back in and the problem disappeared.  Whether it is simply that Nissans/Infinitis with the V6 engine are particularly sensitive to fuel/air mixes, whether it's the weather or whether the design is bad, this filter did not work.  I am returning it.
Excellent. I went to autozone.com or other part store look for the item that matches my car Modal and purchase here. It is a perfect fit. Much better air flow.
I like that this product is reusable, and lifetime guarantee! The shipper shipped right away, and the price was better than any where else!
Product shipped fast. If you are going to replace a OEM air filter for the price you might as well just buy the K&N. No need to replace another paper filter at the dealer!!
Placed this on my G35 to replace the stock air filter. Within 50 miles I noticed a change in my MPG from 23 HWY to 26 HWY. Not like super high but better than nothing right?
I have ordered and received it within two-three days. So that was nice. And I'll probably won't have to change the filter as long as I have the car. But as far as it increasing any power/economy I am a little doubtful of that. I haven't noticed in the last almost 1000 miles a difference that would make me believe the performance side of it.
Installed in a 2007 Nissan Murano and suffered immediate degradation in engine performance (-3 mpg) and extremely loud engine noise (roughness when revving and erratic rev count when idling). Both issues stopped when i switched to standard Nissan parts.
since I've installed this filter my gas mileage around town has gone from around 18mpg to around 22mpg!and I've done nothing else that would have effected the mpg!
After replacing my stock air filter with the K & N I did notice better acceleration through the gears, along with slightly increased gas mileage.  Also, I think the price compares to about 2-3 regular air filters, so it pays for itself anyway after only a few years. Add this to the mileage you gain and it's a rockin' good deal!
I would highly suggest anyone with a Murano to consider purchasing this K&N Filter. Don't let a repair shop or Nissan dealership charge you $25+ for something that is subpar to this filter.
Just think about it, you never have to buy another air filter again. I believe in K & N air filters, been using them since 2000. Everyone should be using them! They are made to last a lifetime; Improved gas millage and performance are just the added bonus.
I have had it a few weeks and it's like a factory filter, no gas mileage improvement what do ever. The only good thing is you can reuse this filter over and over
You know quality product when you see the packaging and you actually feel it in your hands. Don't mind paying a little more for quality and am hoping never to replace air filter in this car again so worth the money. Only in the car for about a month now with about 300 miles since so cant speak to the long term operation but I trust that it is good as they say.
For about the cost of 3 throw away filters, you get a lifetime filter that provides better air flow.  I was due to replace my filter anyhow, spent a little extra an got this.  It popped into my '07 Altima 3.5 without any tools.  A perfect fit.  There's a decal to add to air intake box so that hopefully future service personnel (Jiffy Lube and the like) won't keep trying to change the filter for you.
dropped this into my 03 g35 coupe with no problem. didnt notice any gains in power or mpg. excellent filter over oem.
After replacing my stock air filter with the K & N I did notice better acceleration through the gears, along with slightly increased gas mileage. Also, I think the price compares to about 2-3 regular air filters, so it pays for itself really good deal!
Did not use ordered the wrong filter sent this one back. When I got the right one it works fine.
I have a 2006 Infiniti G35 Coupe and this filter fit perfectly.  This is the first time I changed the filter and installation was a little more of a pain than my previous cars.  You pretty much have to take the intake apart but if you take your time (and make sure you are easy with the plastic clips) it's not hard at all.  I dont have any complaints besides the fact that I wish I would have put this in 20,000 miles ago.  Shipping was very fast and I have nothing bad to say. Exactly what you expect shopping from Amazon, PERFECTION.If you are expecting a noticable horsepower gain, you will be dissappointed.  It might increase very slightly on a dyno, but I dont think I notice any difference behind the wheel. I just feel much more comfortable that I have a quality clean air filter that I dont have to worry about.
Very Nice! Great Filter! Works Great! Especially the part the it's washable and you don't need to replace it for life!
I had a cone intake (JWT Popcharger) on my 350Z for years but I had to return to the stock air back to meet spec for the SCCA class I wanted to race in. Anyway, I got this filter to replace the dirty cotton filter that was in the old air box, and I can honestly say that this filter in the OEM air box may actually perform better than the cone intake. The flow is so good it produces a whistle from 3k-5k RPM like the cone did, but I the air box I think does a better job protecting the intake from hot air from the engine bay. Overall I'm very happy, and this will be WAY easier to clean than the cone filter was, since it just slides out of the box, whereas the cone filter I had to dismantle the intire intake to get the filter out. If you want to upgrade your intake this is a great way to go.
Make no mistake, K & N filters are top notch, but beware of people who claim huge improvements in mileage and power (i.e. 10-15%). With the billions of dollars the auto industry has spent trying to improve gas mileage and power, every car made in the world would have these as original equipment if such gains were possible. If life were only so simple. People who replace a CLOGGED filter with a new one will notice an improvement (if it's clogged badly enough, the improvement might be that your car runs now). Definitely better than many in fit and quality, plus being reusable, but a magic bullet it is not. A clogged K & N filter will also cause performance problems, it's just that all you have to do is clean it properly, and you are off and running; whereas a paper filter, you have to throw it out.
I have purchased a K&N air filter for two different vehicles.  They have improved fuel efficeincy from 23 MPG to 26 MPG in one case and from 25 MPG to 27 MPG in another.  These filters are easy to install, they last virtually forever, and are easy to renew with the cleaner/oil kit.  I drive 1750 miles per week on a route where I need low operating costs. K&N filters do it for me on my Toyota Tacoma. Because I don't have to buy new air filters every 50K miles, I save money here also.
This is by far the cheapest and most effective upgrade I have done on my car. The airflow improves drastically, so does the exhaust note! Increased my fuel economy by a couple of mpgs. I'm very pleased with this product, strongly recommend for young lads with used cars
Definitely better than OEM but will eventually replace the system for a cold air intake. Motor does seem to breath better.
This is the only filter you will need for the life of your car! I've always used K&N filters on every car I've owned and, so far, I have not been dissapointed. I don't really notice a big change in performance but I'm sure the number don't lie. Any filter that lets your engine breath easier is a plus! Especially if you want to get the most out of your engine's performance as fuel mileage. Fitment is exactly as OEM spec. I highly recommend this product!!
I use it in every one of my cars! Fits well and its washable/reuse for the life of the car.
I have noticed a little more power in the mid to high power range.  Although I haven't seen an increase in gas mileage. It's to soon to judge the overall reliability and performance, but I am satisfied so far!
FAST SERVICE. HAVN'T INSTALLED YET.  HOPE TO GET BETTER GAS MILAGE SINCE GAS IS OVER 3 DOLLARS NOW.
Works great for pathfinder... k&n is the best and its good to have peace of mind.. its worth the money .. dont buy paper filters that are cheaper..
The low price, fast shipping, delivery and a good product are factors to buy.
Excellent product as always with K&N. I use this for my 350Z Roadster and it works very well. Perfect fit and the sound of the engines is greatly improved. Good buy!
Stop buying throw away filters for your car.  K&N filters last forever and you don't have to do anything with them for about 50,000 miles.  Even then all you do is buy the cleaning kit for about 15-20 dollars and its really easy.
I own a 2007 Infiniti FX35 which I take great care of and decided to install a better air filter.  After a little research I decided on the K&N 33-2031-2.  I had read it improved power and gas mileage but I kinda though they were exagerated.  My cars onboard computer  tracks gas mileage and after a year my overall mileage had previously been 18.3 MPG with a standard Fram filter.  I then installed the K&N filter and after two full months my mileage has improved to 20 MPH !!!!  Thats a 9% improvement - I would not have believed it unless I experienced it my self.  This thing will pay for itself in just a couple months and then start making me money !!!  Amazing -  Purchasing one of these is a NO brainer.
First, K&N; filters are great due to the quality and ability to reuse it. I haven't noticed any horsepower increase. However I've noticed a little better fuel economy nothing major but an improvement.If you're on the fence about purchasing one of these - just get one! Blowing the filter out yourself vs. replacing ever so often will pay off in the long run. All of the cars in my household have a K&N; filter.
Performance is still there and after running this for some time I have seen a slight increase in fuel mileage
My G coupe needed an intake air flow replacement pretty badly after I purchased it (despite the fact I purchased it with only 37k miles) and I already knew about the K&N; air filters and I like how it's a one-time purchase deal, no need to buy again when it's filthy.bought the filter, slapped it on, and it has been working flawlessly for a little over 2 weeks now. I combined the K&N; air filter with the popular Z-tube mainly because I was already going to be in there so I figured why not just add the Z-tube for a bit more efficiency. at this point, I have no complaints, I do feel a slight increase in power in 2nd and 3rd (not a 100% sure if it's all from the air filter or with the Z-tube), and rev noise has stayed the same.
Bought for a 2001 Maxima and it was a perfect fit. I like to keep my air cleaner really clean and this should serve my purpose well... I also bought the recharge kit which is also OEM K&N. Would recommend to anyone in the market for a K&N filter. :)
Gave my Infiniti SUV the extra Air and power it needed. K&N is always the best! Plus its guaranteed for life.
As always, K&N didn't let me down. On their website they showed a 5% gain in HP on the high end, but because of my family's history with K&N I bought the filter anyway. I did notice a bit more pickup in my X-Terra, but the real benefit is the increased power on demand. The lag I was used to between hitting the gas and feeling the acceleration have dropped considerably. A great advantage when you have to maneuver quick!
It is my third K&N; filter that I am purchasing for my cars. It works all the time, it does increase torque and milage of my cars, even it barely 5-10% increase but for the this price and fact that you can skip 2-3 regular air filter's replacement intervals it is great result. I do not restore or clean them, after 40-50k miles I just install new one. Time spent on cleaning and oiling it worth for me more than new filter.Do not forget to put K&N; sticker on air filter box to stop service man in his best efforts to up-sale you for a piece of junk that he had on shelf of his garage.
ordered 2 same model, both air filters work on my old Nissan 2005 maxima and new nissan 2006 altima. Amazon needs at least 20 words describing MY experience with this item
I think a K&N; air filter speaks for itself without even having to say anything.Delivery was on time and the air filter was brand new.  Had no problems out of the product.
Fits like a normal filter.  I've used this brand of filters for 10 years now.  I've had great results.  They have been a normal part in all of out cars.
This product as advertised came delivered in good condition, when installed worked as expected. The vehicle a 2001 nissan maxima breathes alot better and works pretty great. This is a definite buy.
2010 Nissan Murano SLPros - I think I could notice a slight improvement in power but already a powerful engine so barely noticeableCons -  I did not notice at first (not paying attention) but after a couple of months I noticed my gas efficiency had dropped by about 4 miles per gallon.  That is huge.  Switch back to traditional cheap filter and MPG issue immediately corrected.
I have put a K&N in every vehicle I have ever owned. Feels like the engine really breathes better and helps it run a little smoother. Easy to clean. Highly recommended vs. purchasing a cheap paper filter every year. It pays for itself.
Bought this for my wife's murano she loves it have better excelaration and gas milage..now she can step on it on her way to work..lol very easy ti install..
great product recommend to anyone who wants to save money and get a little more out of your gas tank, have been purchasing K&N filter for about 15yrs know and believe me its worth every penny.
My 2008 Nissan Altima Coupe 3.5 SE must have been suffocating -- this was a noticeable upgrade compared to the (probably way past replacement time) stock air filter that came with the car. Throttle-response is much better, I had to adjust my muscle-memory &#34;shifting schedule&#34; do to faster revs.I was hesitant to put the K&N; on this car because I'd read about them allowing larger particulates into your engine, but I eventually decided it'd be fine. I know several people who know a lot more about engines than I do and almost religiously run K&N; filters in their cars.
A good product at a good price good fit and flows a lot better than o.e air filters do .
High Quality. Fits well. I'm not gonna say it increased my Horsepower and gas mileage by 10%, cuz it didn't, BUT this combined with a less restrictive, cold air intake i manufactured has made climbing hills and higher elevation much easier on the engine- so it's doing something! That and it's washable/rechargeable with the k&n oil kits.
K&N filters could last longer than your car... but you'll enjoy not worrying about having to change another air filter.
THEY SENDTHE WRONG AIR FILTER THEM CHARGE ME A RESTOCK FEE THAT WAS NOT SO NICE SO YOU WILL GET ONLY ONE STAR
Great deal for the price and with free shipping very cool.  Will buy again.
I have used these filters for years on different vehicles. It's permanent for one and does flow more air. My wife is telling me she is averaging a couple more miles to the gallon since this filter change. I have never really paid attention to that part to quite honest as my use in the past was mostly on my Camaro and I wasn't concerned about mileage. but this is my Wifes vehicle and I rarely drive it.So if you never want to another air filter again buy one of these and you won't regret it.
These are fantastic filters, but just make sure you get the right one.  I accidentally ordered this filter for my 2007 G35 SEDAN, when this is for the COUPE.  Returned and got the right size filters no problem.  Thanks Amazon and K&N!
This filter is so AWSOME it lets your engine BREATHE and you get MORE POWER from you same old engine!Be carefull though, I got a SPEEDING TICKET because I love the NEW FOUND POWER in my OLD 96 car!Buy one NOW!  You wont be sorry you did!
great K&N; air filter, fits nicely on my nissan teana, fits most nissan sedan and suv cars.Very nice, K &N; best air filter in the world..
the best air filter i'll ever owned. it's more power to the engine the stock air filter is just thick papersK&N; air is way better. now my car can breath better....the best thing is it's reusable!! can you used it over and overreally worth the money. enough said! go and get this air filter.
This product is very good, not great, but good. I say very good because it sounds amazing & defiantly improved the horsepower immediately. But on the flip side I have noticed my gas mileage has gone down a little. The only other issue is it didn't fit perfectly. Actually I had to shove it in and broke a sweat putting it in. But it does fit, increases horsepower, but does not improve gas mileage like stating.
I love the product . I have used it on other vehicles and have always gotten and increase in gas mileage on all my vehicles
Came lubricated, and was an exact match on my 98' Nissan Sentra Base 1.6 lt. Good alternative for an intake system, even though it kind of all ready has one. Engine response is better. And it came with a free K&N sticker which I place on my air box.
I was a gift I must say it was the right choice. I would recommend this as a choice to anyone.
Ok I will update in two weeks. But so far.... I can definitely tell an increase in horsepower. From a stop the truck what's to go right away with a kick. My Frontier didn't want to do that before. I cannot comment on gas mileage until my second tank. I have my previous mileage marked down and I do the same trip 5 days a week. So we'll see. I really hope to get an improvement, my 2000 Nissan Frontier SE King Cab 3.3 liter V6 Automatic only gets 13.8-14.3 to the gallon.
I installed this in my 240 SX and DID notice a slight performance increase with no noticeable loss of gas mileage. I need to find out how to clean and oil it in several months.I'm happy with it and I figure it will pay for itself with reuse. BTW, the fit was perfect and the construction quality is excellent.
I installed this in my 2000 Nissan Xterra and havegained an extra couple of miles per gallon and more power; by adding this filter.
I have been trying to find a cheaper alternative to the KN, but when I looked at the price, it was the same as buy 7 Walmart fram air filters. I off road so go through filters fast (I know you are not suppose to use KN off roading, but I do). Decided to buy the filter and never think about the filter again.
I do get better gas mileage and improved acceleration with this filter. A plus is that it's just a drop in. A website I viewed said that naturally aspirated 4 cylinders can have flat air filter dropped in with the same effect as a cylindrical one.
Replaced standard air filter in a 2004 Nissan Frontier Crew Cab V6 5-Speed - Consistently get 20 MPG (High end for rated Mfg MPG) for combo city/hwy driving, and I do not drive conservatively. I do not have previous data, as I just bought truck (Used). Great throttle response. K&N have a superior reputation. Amazon saved me approx. $15.00 over local auto stores.
Im sure it was b/c my old air filter was so dirty and clogged that anything would have made it better. BUT this does suck alot better with a good high flow cats and and some fresh spark plugs
before installing this, my i35 was doing 16.7 mpg, now its 20 mpg! it really works! hahaha, I cant believe it!
it was an exact fit. easy to install. you can instantly notice the better airflow and increase in acceleration. But i didn't notice any mpg increase even with a light foot on the pedal.
I was skeptical at first with this air filter which was a greater cost than other filters. After installing it, I feel the engine gives out a bit more power. You can definitely feel the difference in the engine. Plus it is reusable.
This K&N filter is one of the best investments I have ever made! Instead of purchasing a new filter every year, making a one time investment of about $46 will not only save you money but also increase your horsepower and gas mileage! In the end, it is a great product and worth the investment!
The Original High-Flow Air Filter*  High Air Flow with Excellent Filtration* Designed to Increase Horsepower and Acceleration* Washable and Reusable* Will NOT Void Vehicle Warranty* Lasts up to 50,000 miles before cleaning is required depending on driving conditions* K&N; Million Mile Limited Warranty* Emissions Legal in all 50 US States.* Economical, a K&N; Air Filter Will Last the Life of Your Automobile, Motorcycle, or ATV* Works with Original Equipment Manufacturer Vehicle Electronics* Easy High Performance Add-on* Environmentally Friendly
The K&N air filter fit in the stock air box perfectly. Works Great. I would recommend this filter as a replacement for the stock paper filter.
works well,just changed out one with 111,000 miles on it.Its on a 2007 3.5 altima ,still getting 25-27 mpg.Will buy another in  100,000 miles.
Car runs much more smoothly now.  Easy to install.  My car had 120k miles.  Should have installed this much earlier.
K&N is the best air filer out there. With being able to clean it with just water is what sold me on the product. Never having to replace the air filter is yet another reason!
A definite seat of the pants feel when installed on all of my previous cars. Corvette L98, 5.0, Silverado, Camaro LT1, Suburban.
Great filter n great work .. If anyone ask about it.. I have tryed it.. Try it n u will feel what diffrent with it
I've had this for two weeks and have noticed an uptick of .2 mpg. I bought this for its because it's reusable mainly. I would recommend buying one if you plan on keeping your car for the next 3 years or more. It should pay for itself by then vs the cost of disposable ones. Also only needs to be cleaned every 50k according to manufacturer specs.
Good, AFE makes more "thorough" filters (better filtering but less airflow), but K&N; is cheaper (or was so in the past, maybe prices changed) & lighter & more airflow.Unless your car is superexpensive & needs more filtration rather than airflow, and you can afford slightly lower fuel efficiency - for which you would get AFE (Advanced Flow Engineering) filter, unless all that is true:Do get K&N.;99% of cars out there will not care for AFE's specs, and K&N; is a better deal.
I cant attest to any power gains but I do like K&N's product line. I have a K&N filter in all of my vehicles.
Almost perpect fit to the air filter housing, need slightly squuze to close up the cover.Looking forward the mileage improvement.
Got a new car for my wife. so I replaced the air filter with a new K&N. I've been doing that for years with my other vehicles. Great product.
The era of mandatory field-trips to the dealership for a new filter every 15,000 miles came to a close. Enter the washable convenience of K&N.;Installation intuitive, fit great, no snags.Have not noticed significant difference in gas mileage, nor in dynamics of my 350-Z, but will continue to watch fuel consumption as the most likely area for improvement given my car's configuration.Would pursue other mods,like exhaust mods for example, first if seeking fast and noticeable bump in power output.
Buy this right now.  I had a performance K&N; filter set-up on my Acura, but for some reason it never occurred to me to put a K&N; filter on my commuter car.  It popped up as a suggestion, and I purchased it immediately.  Right away I noticed snappier acceleration.  At the end of my 22 mile commute my mileage had already improved .5 mpg without resetting the computer.  I am floored.  I am fresh out of a dyno so I don't know if my HP increased, but based on my other two observations, combined with this being a lifetime product, I am ecstatic about this filter.Now, a little story about replacing my old filter with the K&N.;  I thought I was just going to open the air box, yank out the old one, slap in the K&N;, and then go about my day.  WRONG.  Big ol' thumbs down for Nissan making routine task a big undertaking.  If you have an Altima you had better get out your awesomeStanley 92-839 Black Chrome and Laser Etched Socket Set, 99-Piece.  Use your short 10mm and remove the intake hose from where it attaches to the box.  Then you can unclip the front clips, and the lid flips up.  You can unclip the sensor, but I did not.  Thank goodness I do not have to do that again for another 50,000 miles.
Good fit, 50K miles clean interval, gives a slightly noticeable throaty sound.  Helps maintain a slightly higher avg MPG.  Can't tell a change in power cuz I just bought this used 13 3.5SL Altima and changed filter immediately.
I used to get 170kph with my 5 Forward 1996 Nissan Sunny. When I replaced the stock filter with this bell shaped filter I bought in a parts shop, the top speed gradually dropped to 140kph max. I thought it was because the car was getting old. I immediately noticed the power coming back after inserting the K & N filter. I ran out of road testing the top speed again but I got 165kph. If you understand how fuel injection works, the more air you give the Fuel System, the more the chip compensates by giving you more gas. The added bonus of not having to change it again is great. Would definitely recommend for vehicles with a bit of oomph.
This filter has a few good factors for me, but being that I can keep my car running more efficient by keeping my filter clean every 2 months and get to reuse it over and over really saves me money on filters and protects my engine. This is a nonbrainer, forget about fuel efficiency, doesn't bother me one way or the other about faster take offs. Point blank, protect your engine by cleaning your filter more often without paying for any more filters.
I had read the rave reviews for these air filters and wondered about them.  I also noticed that at a very popular auto parts store one of these was going for around $50 plus tax here - that's quite a bit of money for an air filter.  But I found the same filter on AMAZON for about a third less with free shipping - so, I decided to buy this air filter from AMAZON.  Well, the results were just spectacular: I went from getting 27 mpg to 31 mpg in my 2002 Nissan Altima - and this filter was the only thing I changed.  Buy this filter - it really works!  The racing guys know what they are doing.  Just think - in less than 4 tanks full, this air filter pays for itself in gas savings - and from there you are saving real money.  Before I had never thought of an air filter as being an investment - but this one is.  Plus, it's a lifetime filter - just clean it and re-install it in your auto and go.  Wow!
First, this filter will NOT give you huge horsepower gains, it might give you minimal MPG gains just by replacing the filter from a dirty, clogged one, but that will come with any filter. I bought this filter because it does save money, money you would be spending buying paper filters over and over again, with this and a 10-15 dollar service kit, this filter will last your vehicles lifetime. There is a trade off though, this filter does not screen out dirt as well as say a "paper" or foam type filter, that is why "off roading" voids the damage warranty. however i never off road, and for highway and street use, this filter is King in terms of economy and durability (it is made of 4-5 layers of cotton encased with a aluminum wire mesh surrounded by hand poured urethane), they mean it when they say it will last a Million miles. This filter earns my recommendation.
I have  A VW  Bettle 2010 was getting 28 mpg . I installed the K&N 33-2031-2 High Performance Replacement Air Filter  and added 3 lbs of air in each tire and milage jumped to 33.5 mpg. I swear!
Definitely beats buying from local parts store. Same product only less money out of your pocket. Would buy again. !!
This is the first time that I've used a K&N; product and let me tell you; it makes my little 1996 Chevrolet S10 4x4 run like an S10 should.  The moment I got on the roads and drove I noticed a big change in horse power.  Before I was using the disposable air filters you spend a ridiculous amount of cash on at Wal-Mart.  Why buy a product if you're just going to throw away later on? This air filter lasts a lifetime!I love the throaty sound my engine has now.  It makes me prouder to drive my S10 than I've ever been before.  It's amazing how big a difference such a little product makes in the performance of your vehicle.  I highly recommend this product for anyone looking to get more horse power out of their vehicle and also to those looking to do a little modification to their vehicle.  Thanks K&N; for making driving so enjoyable again!
not sure how it will do. but will let you know how it works out.  just put it in the other day
It was an excellent product, and was perfect for our GMC and works great now! Would recommend to others thank you
For years I have been reading about the wonders of K&N filters. I have not had this one on my truck long enough to see if there is anything to the increased horsepower and gas mileage claims. It is made in the USA and was not that much more expensive (through Amazon) than the standard Fram or other brand regular filter. However Amazon price was $15 - $18 less than brick and mortar Auto parts stores.
I recommend this product very highly, it seems to increase my horse power, I notice it the most when the a/c is on and I start accelerating. I also like the throaty sound the engine makes. Plus it will pay for itself even before the first cleaning at 50,000 miles instead of the normal paper replacement at 10 - 15,000 miles.
Meh, it's not bad. A little more response due to more air being sucked through but not much of an improvement.
K&N filters are what they are.  They are oiled gauze sandwiched between metal screen.  I've used them for years in my cars and SUV's.  There is always somebody that says that they suck at filtering or that they let this much dust through.... I have 268k on the clock of my Camry.  About 200k of it is with a K&N and it's still kicking.  Just make sure you keep it clean every so often.  I typically clean mine at about 10k miles, or every 3rd oil change, but that's just me.  I feel that my mileage went up by 1-2mpg, not enough to change the world but the car revs a little more peppy too and I like that.  All in all, you can't beat one.  I've paid for it in filter savings at least 3 times over at this point.... good product.
Fits pertly in a 1997 v6 camaro, Great replacement for starndard air filter. A must have, it also looks great
The air filter is a beautiful sight to see as you drop it into your air box. The slightest gleam of oil shimmers on the surface & you know you've got a winner! It works! There is a noticable freedom of revs beyond 4000 rpm that was choked off before. It may not be much, but if lag is your enemy this one way to relieve the burden.
Worth the investment if you plan on keeping your vehicle.  I takes a few cleanings to realize your savings, but worth it in the long run.  Be sure to thoroughly dry your filter before recharging.
Great air flow. I had one on my FORD.  Don't purchase one if you think you are going to get better gas millage but for the longevity of a good air filter.
I Bought one of these for my 06 Dodge ram and really liked the difference it made on the Hemi especially when it came to scaring small dogs LOL,anyway I picked up a 97 Ram with the 360 magnum and will be putting this one in it.If your thinking of getting one of these go ahead,I for one am not going to pay 2 hundred plus dollars for the cold air intake when thisworks so well in the stock intake.You will see an increase in throttle response,You will see a little more power.I cant say you will get better Gas mileage because I don't know,For me I picked up 2 miles per gallon but I am not a lead foot and always use cruise control when possible so your mileage may very.Would I buy it again,this is my second so that answers that question.
I bought this for my Dodge Ram 1500 V8 Magnum. I noticed the difference in acceleration immediately. I have also put a K&N filter on my Mercury Mariner, and had one on my Mustang. The performance improvement is unmistakeable. You do have to service these periodically with a cleaning kit and allow them to dry, so keep a paper filter handy for when you need to do that. Otherwise, quit buying endless paper filters and get a K&N!
I JUST REPLACED MY STOCK AIR FILTER WITH THIS K&N AND I SAW A MILEAGE INCREASE ON MY NEXT MILEAGE CHECK.
I received these and paid an extra 60 bucks to have them painted to match at my local auto body shop. I went to put them on and they are warped-I messed with them for 4 hours to try to make the corners all lay down like they should-and they won't. Guess I'm out the seventy bucks plus the 60 I paid to have them painted!!!! Not happy at all
I haven't order this hood scoop but I noticed something suspicious.  The photos advertising this hood scoop is misleading.  It shows two different photos of two different hood scoops.  The main photo is completely different then the second photo.  I ordered the double hood scoops that are shown in the second photo and they fit my S10.  But when I went to see if the single hood scoop in the main photo would fit my truck it says it doesn't fit.  I would be careful for anyone wanting to buy this hood scoop.  You might get ripped off.
Added to my 2007 2500 HD chev black diesel.  Really made it look big and beefy.  Most people put these too close together.  Be sure to have them painted by a professional.
These are called Large Hood Scoops for a reason. For some reason I thought they looked smaller in the pictures. Well, turns out these are mainly for trucks! I ordered them for my vw jetta and they were about the length of my entire hood..They come with minor scratches and nicks but nothing a light sanding won't fix before you paint them. They are two different scoops a (right side) and a (left side) so don't plan on using only one of them unless your replacing a side. They would be perfect for a bigger vehicle and seem pretty durable. Also seem easy to install. They shipped fast and my return went very smoothly.
Wrong picture for the scoops. The scoops are eclipse shape. The picture is a symetrical shape scoops. Big disappointment for the 80001 item.
I installed these on my 2000 Dakota. After priming, painting, and clearing them I taped off the spots where I wanted to mount them. They look factory and really transform the look of the truck. Great accessory!
These are nice hood scoops, but just a little too big for what I wanted for my 2001 Dodge Dakota Sport. Don't get me wrong, they would fit really nice, but I just don't want ones this big on my truck.
Quality of the product is very good.  The finish on the plastic is very smooth and requires only minimal preparation for painting.  When considering the total cost of the project keep in mind that primer, paint, sandpaper and possibly other supplies must be purchased and will add substantially to the cost.
Great product and really made a difference once I painted them to match my son's 2000 Dodge Dakota. Really makes it stand out and look cool. Thinking of getting another pair for my 2007 Dodge Ram.
GOOD LOOKING STYLE WHEN PAINTED.EASY TO INSTALL.MUCH,MUCH CHEAPER THAN ORDERING A  FIBERGLASS HOOD WITH SCOOPS ON IT.T5HE TWO SIDED TAP MAKES IT A BREEZE TO INSTALL.AND THE WIND DONT BLOW THEM OFF THE TAPE IS LIKE SUPER GLUE.
Easy install looks great on my F150 changes the appearance of the truck. Does not seal well unless weight added for a few days but minor issue. Just add 10 lbs. to each side then let scoops sit in Texas sun and they will seal.
msd must stand for; mama says don't. don't ask for help from the customer service professional. "This would be a great job, except for the customers."
Spark is really HOT. Must be almost 2&#34; long. Has been extremely reliable... absolutely NO problems and very easy to install.
I installed one of these on my Pontiac 455 with HEI distributor.  The difference is night and day.  Before installation, if I started the car up in park and revved the gas, my foot would meet the floor before the tach hit the red-line.  After installing, before my foot was half way down, we were at the red-line.  Stomp the gas and the car just sat there smoking out the parking lot. I'm not talking about power braking.  I mean just put it in drive and floor the gas without holding the brake.  She Wasn't like that before.  On my first hard launch I pulled out the passenger side upper ball joint from its socket.  All I could do was laugh as I put in a new ball joint.  It's really noticeable at the high end.  60 to 100 MPH is scary fast now.  The MSD is a great gadget.  Has run fine for a few years now.  I'm not sure what it's worth for a small CID engine.. but if you put it on a 455, you're going to love it.  Also, my gas mileage improved by about 20%  Win-Win!!
Got the product but that's not what I ordered. Instead they had sent me the MSD 6201 instead without asking me. What a hassle this has been trying to get the right one I originally ordered and my money back. Would not recommend this company for anything else in the future.
1997 Chevy K1500, Z71 pickup with 5.7 V8 and AT.  I bought the MSD Ignition and blaster coil. The first thing I had to do was get a noise suppressor for the radio.  The MSD suppressor worked fine on FM, CD, and Satelite,except on low end of AM radio like 530 to 690 range still bled over, however, that may be my truck.  The unit boosted my gas mileage from 14.5 MPG to about 17 MPG.  I was happy with the results, I could see no difference in performace but engine has headers, RV cam, and a flowed exhaust system already.  Six months go by.....A couple of days ago the truck stalled in a parking lot but started right up and then died a couple of more times at stop lights.  No problem it started ran fine, never threw a computer code, and when I tried to start it next day it was DOA, a $40 tow bill later, and $165 shop repair bill, the shop said it was dead.  Sending it in for replacement, but my mechanic says the good ones work and the bad ones dont.  Apparantly a quality control issue.  The good thing he said was MSD does good warranty work.  Kind of a crap shoot, I guess.
I installed this MSD Ignition on my 1971 Corvette.  I bought this with a MSD Distributor, PN 8572 and a Blaster 2 coil.  The entire system took lest that 45 minutes to install - and it turned over on the first try.  I needed some help tuning the vehincle and I was very impressed with the technical support.  The car runs great and I wouldn't trade the system for anything.
I bought the MSD-6AL for my 1975 BMW 2002 race car.  It is mandatory to install the MSD in any modded car.  I'm running 2 weber DCOE's, high comp pistons, hotter cam, among many other goodies.  Now I'm sure all the gas thrown at the engine is being efficiently burnt.  Cold start really improved as well as overall performance among the rpm range.  It may be a subjective feeling but I can feel more power.One thing I like the most is the rev-limiter feature.  It cuts the ignition softly and you will be sure your engine will not overrev.  I'm running the 6000 rpm limiter for now.  I would highly recommend getting the MSD Blaster 2 coil in order to get everything working correctly.I'm very very satisfied with the results on my car, and would recommend MSD always!
Great price on a quality high performance ignition system. One stop shopping with lower prices almost everytime I compare. The ignition system is the best buy for the money. All my friends have them with no complaints and all told me to buy MSD.Easy instructions and trouble shooting guides save time and money.
Great new replacement part for my boat engine. Works super and expect it to also last at least 25 years like original.Thanks for the quick service to get it to me too!  All be well  &#8230;LB.
Love that you can change your entire advance curve with just a simple change of springs and bushings, perfect for the guy tuning his car for optimum performance. Simple hook up to any MSD ignintion box, perfect comibination from a trusted company.
Perfect vent visor easy to install only a few minutes and done, and you love them in the rain and in the FL heat, my last set was on my truck since 2001 just had to replace them.. Taking off was not easy but install was a breeze, recommend them to everyone. They even make the vehicles look better. I do not like the in-channel we buy the other's the in-channel ones are terrible and have broken twice on my Dart so buy this one!
Have ordered these before and never had a problem with them.Have shared them with family and friends.Work in the larger vehicles with large windshields.  Hold up well.
Auto ventshade makes what I think are the nicest of these style shades. They fit perfectly and are easy to keep clean. The only drawback which is my fault, is that I got the stick on shades. I wish and meant to get the ones that slide into the window frame.
I had to replace the original window vent shades on our 97 Toyota 4-Runner so I order a full set from Amazon. They were easy to install and look great on the vehicle. They do a great job of keeping the rain out yet allowing you to crack some windows open. I would highly recommend this product.
This item arrived faster than expected and worked perfectly. It is quick and easy to apply, took me about 5-10 minutes, at most. thoroughly packed to protect the product, as well. Very impressed by how quickly it arrived, less than two days for free shipping. Finally, it is durable and looks great, hightly recommend.
This is not an in-channel type visor. Contrary to above review it is the type that sticks onto the paint around windows.
I have these installed on an avalon and have run them on three different toyota trucks.  They are great and easy to install.  Strongly recommend aligning them to where you want to install and mark with pencil before you pull the tape and install. That way, you get them right the first time. If you ever need/want to replace them, use a release agent to soften glue on tape. Follow instructions and they will be both functional and stylish.
this product is great fits perfect and is very easy to install less than 5 minutes. does exactly as discribed. would recommend this seller highly.
let's you leave your windows cracked on hot days without anyone knowing they're down. keeps the rain from dripping into the cab a known issue on 4runners. Works good and looks good. I'm pleased.
I bought the in channel ones for my Toyota 4Runner SR5 because i was tired of getting wet in the rain when i cracked the window. They look great and were easy to install and well worth the price. They not only keep the rain out but also the sun lowering the internal temp of your truck. I got in channel version cause i figured it would cost less to replace the door weather stripping if they get ripped off than repainting the door if the outside ones get ripped off which are glued on to the door frame.
Not being very vehicle mechanic savvy, it took me several minutes to realize exactly where these were to be installed, about an inch and a half below where I tried fitting them. After that, installing them was very, very simple. And they look great and appear to be very functional. Now all I have to do is wait for it to rain to see what happens.
Always wanted these so I broke down and bought them. It's amazing how something so insignificant can really make a vehicle look so much better. Love the way they look on my truck! The install was so easy to do and it took more time opening the package than it did putting them on!
I ordered window ventshades for my 2001 FORD F150 full 4 door crew cab. I received the wrong item. I returned them, and reordered them a second time, and got the wrong item again. This happened 3 times in a row. THE WRONG ORDER. I just requested my money back.
Overall I am happy with these vent shades. They have some wind noise when the windows are open and driving at highway speed, no noise when the windows are shut. Other than that, great product. Easy to install and work as advertised.
Love the color. Very easy to install. The fit was excellent for my Hyundai Elantra and I would highly recommend it.
Ordered this for my grandfather. He was very happy. It was shipped fast and the parts were right. Would recommend.
in the channel ones are pretty pricing went with 3m peel and stick you must take time to work your fingers or thumb to make sure your tape is good too door plier a heat gun to really make the tape take to door  if you just peel and stick and half ass your thumb you will be sorry had a few sets of these you learn to take time and heat and they stay for years and years  and for god sake use prep pads or thinner to remove all wax and crude off door pliers
I love this things. I can let fresh air in my truck when it is raining out side or if I just need a little fresh air.
Bought these for my 03 Tundra.  They fit very well and were easy to install.  Helpful in the summertime when you want to leave your windows open a little but do not want water to get in if it rains.  The set came with smaller shades to fit the back Half-cab windows but I did not plan to use them, it would be nice if the set was offered without the rear shades.  Overall these are worth the money and I would recommend them.
Items were good quality and value. One ventshade had a finger nail size chip out of it .
Bought this for a 2003 Tundra, followed the installation instructions. Six months later and the tape is coming off and the visors are leaking when it rains. Not good.
Super easy to install, third set we have purchased now all our vehicles have ...
Shipping was very fast. Shades installed perfectly with no problems. I have purchased other shades in the past and they did not fit properly, but these fit perfectly.
I've put these on the last 4 or 5 trucks I've owned and won't be without them.  On my Toyota Tundra I couldn't even crack the window in the rain without getting water inside the cab.  With these on my interior stays dry.  Installation is simple and only takes 15 minutes for all 4.
excellent fit, easy to install taknig less than 20 minutes start to finish, and keep my SUV much cooler in sunny conditions
I am very disapointed in my recent order as these vent shades do not fit on my '06 Jeep Liberty as advertised on the web site.  The front shades are short and rear shades are much too long.  Received package also does not list my vehicle even though the numbers match.
Fits perfectly on the 2009 Ford Explorer Eddie Bauer. Came with proper instructions, cleaning material, etc. Took around 30 minutes to complete and looks fine. Dropped one visor during installation and it got few scracthes, so be careful during installation.
This keeps the rain drips from coming inside my car when I have the windows down a few inches. We use these on all of our cars.
We used the in channel vents for a few years but the windows started letting more road noise in.  It was also hard on the window motors.  So we went back to outside mounted vents and like them better.
Very happy with this product came very fast felt very sturdy easy to install.
I understand that there is a benefit to "no drilling", but the 3M foam tape that is included only holds up for about a year.  After that year, the vent will fall off, and the remaining glue takes a lot of work to get off of the vehicle.  I only ordering the replacement set because I cannot get all of the 3M tape off of my truck.  Other than that complaint, the vent shades work fine, and look good.
Easy installation.  Perfect for fresh air while the weather isn't quite so cooperative!  Also a great price, can't beat it!
Strong and sturdy,easy to install and came with strong tape strips to install.  I am very happy with this product.
I ordered these for my 2002 F-150 Supercrew 4x4. The shipping was fast, I got excatly what I ordered, It took me 10 mins to install. Overall A+ Thank You
Hand my original Ventshades on my truck for 14 years until one got caught in the carwash and was cracked. These shades are time proven for durability and UV resistant without fading. I just bought another spare set for my truck and another set on my CUV.
After entering the make, model and year of my truck and being advised by Amazon that it would fit, I bought the window vent set. The price was way below the normal cost and I thought I was getting a bargain. When it arrived it not only did not fit but was for a completely different model. I called customer service and was advised that they would only give me a refund and would not send me the one that fit my truck even though they had them in stock. The price I paid was so reasonable that I didn't want to wast my time by going through all the B.S. of the refund process. Be careful buying stuff from these people, they will stick it to you. I've decided not to make any more purchases from Amazon as I feel that their selling policy and customer service STINKS!!!!! I am telling anyone who will listen that Amazon does not do the right thing for it's customers and that they should shop somewhere else.
Exactly what my husband wanted, quick and easy to install. It has been on the truck for 4 months now and now problems.
Easy to install and perfect fit.  Would recommend to anyone.  I put them on a 04 F250 and they fit great
2013 F350, looks great, easy install
This Lund Auto Ventshade Ventvisor is easy to install. It tapes to the inside felt seam of the window in the channel. I purchased the 4 piece smoke set for a 2008 Ford F250 Crew Cab. The front visors do not fit well in the front corners. Some of the tape is still exposed, which looks terrible. The back visors fit very well, but they make a clicking noise at highway speeds and on rough pavement. It's almost as though they tap against the window, but you can't see it while riding in the back. These are junk. Save your money. Try a different brand.
These are easy to apply. I did have to loosen both side mirrors to tuck the ends behind. Living in Florida, any time I can install something that helps me beat the sun, or avoid the rain drops is worth the money too. I can crack the windows for fresh air if needed and not worry about rain getting in. Sometimes the sunvisor turned over to the side just doesn't quite get the sun out of your eyes, this fills that little gap too.
Putting these on is a pain due to the super strong tape.  If you don't get it right the first time it's difficult to pull off and fix it.  Otherwise they look good and function well once they are on.
does what it should and fits well. easy to install and i have had several diffrent piars of these on diffrent trucks with no issues.
If with my 2014 F250 perfectly. Took me about 30 mins to installed after cleaning all of the surface accordingly to the instruction manual.
This is a great vent shade. It is very simple to install. I like the surface prep that comes in the package. I strongly suggest using the prep pads for a good fit.
While installing the hubs, I noticed the mounting screws are small and cheap. The heads round out easily. My remedy for the hardware problem: I used my metal cutting wheel in my rotor tool (Dremel type), and cut slots in the screws and used a standard screwdriver to finish the installation.
No worries here. I have used warn products for years without any issues. I do wish they had a bit less plastic in their construction, but they are better than the stock ones that came on my truck.
These locks are worth their weight in gold I promise !! 2 day shipping was 14 dollars they wetter perfect for my jeep :-)
Excellent product. Converted my auto hubs to these and I couldn't be happier ford bronco 302 7inch lift 35 inch tires
these hubs are great easy to install its getting the old ones off that is the problem . Make sure you have a pick, and ring pliers
Turns out that replacing my hubs didn't fix my issue but these are always high quality parts. I recommend them.
Slipped right in, extremely easy install.  The only improvement (in my humble opinion) in installing these is to make sure you can easily UN-INSTALL them.This pertains the to the ~ 2" dia retaining ring.  As supplied from Warn, it is a real b!$%ch to un-clip.  Do yourself a favor and "bend out" one or both ends, making it much easier to un-clip when it is time for service.
Great product, saved me a bundle as the local parts dealer wanted $50 more than I got them for on Amazon.  Warn hubs are the best and I was able to replace my now unavailable 87' Blazer auto-lock hubs without any problem.
These hubs work great, haven't had any problem's at all. They are a little hard to turn, exspecially if covered in mud or snow. For the price they can't be beat. Would highly recommend.
I have always been a fan of Warn products. They are a good quality brand that I have come to trust over the years. My 1987 chevy silverado came with Warn hubs on it already, but they were the other style, that had plastic parts constructed in it. I honestly cant say anything bad about them though. They lasted for almost 15 years without any trouble, so in my opinion they lived a long life. However, I am very impressed at the construction of these new locks. They are much heavier and have that "solid" feel in your hand. It took me only about 25 minutes to have both swapped out and tested. I like the fact that they need to be turned almost a full rotation to be engaged. It just makes me feel better knowing that there is less of a chance for them to ever unlock themselves by accident. Overall im very pleased with these new locks, and im all set for whenever i need my 4WD again!
easy to install and works very well would tell all to buy never had lock out hubs before I think I should have bought them long ago
I bought these to install on my 1977 Chevy K20 3/4 ton pickup. It has a dana 44 front axle and although these hubs were supposed to be the correct ones, they did not work properly. I installed the hubs and when they are set to "free" they do not release all the way. The hub still puts enough pressure on the gear that slides into place to engage the axle to cause it to rub against the splines it is supposed to engage. This causes a ratcheting sound when rotating the tire by hand. The contact would cause problems if the truck were run in that condition. I tried the other side and had the same result. I am a mechanic and always heard good things about Warn products, but now I am not so sure. I was surprised to see "Made in China" on the box when I opened it, and even more surprised when I installed them and the will not work properly. Another observation is that these hubs are very stiff to turn by hand. Someone without much hand strength may have a problem operating them. My advise to anyone installing these hubs would be to make sure they are not making any sounds when in "free" mode.
I installed these on my restored 1991 V1500 suburban and they not only were easy to install, but they work great. they were the perfect for this truck.
easy install/ instructions easy to read/ and who can question the quality of warn, installed in less than an hour.
While I did not use these hubs on my truck the service that I got with the company was exceptional. I would not hesitate to buy from them again. Warner hubs are the best hubs on the market. Yes they are not the cheapest, but they work!
ordered this for my son who is fixing up a 89 Ford Bronco as a hunting vehicle.  Easy to install and worked like a charm!  Fast shipping!
worked great on my '85 K5, just don't use the part find tool it doesn't always work, said these hubs would not fit so I went to warns website got the part number and went off that
Great hubs - easy to install, and very durable.  Easy to spin the selector as well.
Great quality, great price!  These look awsome on my F150.  Now I don't have to wonder if they are going to work next time it snows.  I can't recommend these enough.
very good hubs! i was turned off by warn hubs when i bought the warn standerd hubs and they had plastic parts in them and wore out fast but these premium hubs by warn have a all metal design and are everything i hoped for! 5 stars
I received the product and the quality is excellent, it has very good workmanship and good building materials, block in my cj-10 well is the best there is at amazon
These Warn Hubs where a great improvement to my F-150 4x4 ,they look and work awesome. The price was also very fair.Thank you
I bought these hubs because my Ford Auto-Locking hubs on my Dana 44 axle had been shredded.  These were a piece of cake to install (about 20 mins per side, see guide at [...]), and are much more reliable than the stock auto's.  I would highly recommend them to anyone who needs to be sure that their hubs won't give out on the trail.
This item comes up as a fit for a Ford f250 pickup 1994 5.8L and it's incorrect. Amazon shipped me two of them thinking it was an error on their part. The correct item is Warn 11690 Standard Manual Hub Kit, please correct so other customers don't go through the same headache.
These are really nice hubs. all metel products. very easy to install. one thing, don't use amazons check to see if they fit. got to warn.com and check there site for year & model. amazon says they don't fit a 86 chevy 1/2 ton truck but they do.
I'll start stating that this is a great product, and the only difference that I'm aware between these and the Premiums (Warn 20990 for most Dana 44 axles) is the cap, and the cap is the main issue for me here... Since my 93 Bronco had the unreliable automatic hub lockers I decided to replace them with manuals, which won't dissengage if I back up, and upon searching on my local market all I was able to find were these, even though I wanted the Premiums, well, I installed these very easily but ever since I bought them I've been bothered by the Nylon dial on the cap. Don't get me wrong, again, these are a great product and for most of the average users they will outlast these old trucks, but I have seen what the sun has done to some of them installed on other trucks and I don't want the same, I've even seen some with broken dials.Installation is rather easy, and they fit very well and tight in the hub. If you search "Ford (87 - 96 F-150/Bronco) front end rebuild&#8206;" on the net you'll find a very detailed tutorial with pictures, made by me. They worked fine for the little under a year I had them installed, even though they didn't see much use, but they didn't leak a drip of grease, which is very good. They do what they should with no fuzz at all, and they take 1/4 of a turn to lock (I never knew if this was better or worse, but I'm pretty sure it doesn't matter). Oh! almost forgot! It is very important to check with the manufacturer if your application will require the replacement of your OEM spindle nut with their kit (WARN 32720  Spindle Nut Kit), i.e.: Broncos with auto-hubs with 5 bolts in the cap won't need it, but if they have 3 bolts they will.These come with a limited lifetime warranty from Warn, and they won't let you down, but for me Nylon isn't the best material for the harsh condition these lockers will endure, so if possible, I would go with PremiumsWARN 20990 Premium Manual Hubsor with the ones I currently own, Mile Marker P/N 104 Supreme HubsMile Marker 104 Supreme Locking Hub. I have to give the cap a little point here, it's easier to operate than that of the Mile Marker, that seems to require very small fingers...Overall, I would say these are a 4.5/5 (stupid dial...) but since I can't rate them like that, then 4/5 it is. One last tip: these usually go for aprox. 30% less than the Premiums, and at the same price of the P/N 104, so keep that in mind if you're within a budget.
Bought these for the beat ones in my 1986 F150 4x4.  They went right in and work great.  Glad I replaced them before plow season and was able to do so through Amazon for a fraction of the price!!
Arrived earlier than scheduled and fit perfectly, fixed thew problem i was having with the vehicle on which they were ordered
These are the benchmark for 4x4 hubs.  They fit perfectly and work very well in my '91 Bronco.  My only issue with them - and is most likely to my large hands is that it can be tough to get a good grip to turn the hub to lock it into position.  Instructions were good and product is very well designed and easy to install - took less than an hour for both.  Do make sure they are securely locked into position - either free or lock.Very good product at a very very good price!
Already own these on another truck; to keep them working nice, whenever you take them off for any reason, soak them in liquid wrench to keep the hub turning free even in cold, wet, dirty environments. AND only tighten the little screws with a standard allen wrench while holding the little short end having the long end going into the screw; that way you won't overtighten them. Oh yeah, and to keep those little screws from getting stuck, squirt liquid wrench into their holes, then flush it out with some computer can compressed air. It will leave just enough lube to keep the threads safe without causing thread hydraulic lock. If for some reason you have trouble turning the hub when it's very cold and/or wet, you can grab the inner part with a pair of vice grips, extending outwards towards the tire, to give you extra leverage.
Choose the Warn product.Worked as they should.The quality was of the same standard as the ones I purchaded 20 years ago.
This is a name brand product and it was a perfect fit for my truck.  It was also offered at a great price.  All VERY GOOD!!
Replaced / repacked the bearings so I thought I'd upgrade from the Warn standard hubs. Installation is relatively easy, just make sure you've got the right tools and follow the instructions.  Haven't used 4-wheel drive very much since installing these but so far so good.  My only complaint is that they are harder to turn (lock-in / lock-out) than the standard Warn units.  As stated, they've seen very little use yet but overall I'm pleased.  Also, it's hard to beat the lifetime warranty.
I did not factor in my stars cause I miss my auto hubs though. One star cause they work, and one cause they are easy to install. Take one off cause Warn wants me to deal with my issues. two cause my issue makes me need a tool to lock one of them in and its all scratched up now. And third star off cause they are both hard to turn! I might have had better luck if I paid less. Watch out, they have some bad ones floating around and selling them online is a great way for a slimeball to wash his/her hands. But hey, they work. I just feel like I was had. Everyone should get what they paid for. I paid extra and got less. BS!
Simple to install and works as described. Not cheap plastic. Mine Came with the bolts so no need to order new ones.
Warn makes quality hubs that typically outlast the vehicle. These are going on my 1968 Ford Bronco. They are replacing another set of Warn Hubs that were still working fine after over 40 years of hard use. I replaced them because I lost a part of the hub when I was repacking them with grease. The warn hub is one of the best values for your vehicle.
Ford original free hub is too much problem...I am enjoying mud and snow driving now !It is hard to get American car parts in japan.Thank you for Amazon US.
This spindle nut kit gives you great flexibility in setting the bearing pressure on the lock nut.Being able to flip the lock washer over give the user many settings to choose from.Worked great.
Product worked perfect for a 1994 Ford Ranger. Directions were a little vague but a tutorial on therangerstation[...] provides a much clearer visual walkthrough of the process.
Yes, these nuts looked very, very much like the stock spindle nuts on my 1981 Chevy K-10.Replaced the stock nuts easily.  Actually almost exactly. Such that my stock spindle nuts would have worked initially.But there is certainly a big advantage in using the Warn nuts when the spindles must be serviced, they lock down much better than the GM factory installed units.
great price would recommend this to any one I know who would need these fast shipping got these for my sons explorer
Changing from automatic locking hubs on a 96 Bronco to manual locking hubs, you NEED a spindle nut conversion kit. This Warn kit fit right and Warn is name brand in 4X4 hubs (a lot of trucks come from the factory with Warn parts).
What can I say?  Great materials and workmanship.  Installation was a breeze.  These lock rings way simplifies the hub as a whole compared to the original auto locking hubs.
You can't go wrong with Warn products and these Spindle Nut Kit worked as expected . The price was also very reasonable.Thank youMike Harris
great quality I have heard online that you can use standard manual hub spindle nuts but didn't know for sure so i didn't want to take a chance of having to buy these eventually anyways... besides i got these on amazon warehouse deals really cheap amazon is awesome!used on: 96 ford ranger xlt 4.0 5 spd manual
These are needed for the conversion to manual locking warn hubs. Worked well. Nuts are made of good metal for long life
Allowed me to change my auto hubs to manual. Only buy these if your auto hubs have three screws holding the cover on. You will need some special tools to do this on your own. Great product that works as described though
I was not going to risk the dealership having these parts, so I purchased them with the warn hub set.  They worked fine and were well worth the money and piece of mind.
Did not realize there was going to be welding involved. Easy welds, no big deal just be aware! Kit went on easy and looked great, a very high quality product. Make sure to get gap guards!
lift took about 20 hours to install, directions were kinda crappy. after installing truck drives nicer than it did before, istallation wasnt that hard we just ran into a few problems, had to torch bed mounting bolts, had the drivers side core support mount bolt seize up in the bushing so we had to grid and pry it out, kit comes with all extensions needed, bumper brackets make it hard to get the bumpers on, we had to fight with the front bumper to get it straight and we didnt have to trim the frame like directions say, also there is no need to undo any transmission cooling lines or take the radiator out or the fan shroud off. this was the first body lift i and my brother and friend have ever done, great learning experience. make sure you use the right sockets to get the cab mounts off, they are in mm and the bed mounts need i think a T-30 or bigger torx bit to get them off.
The kit comes with everything stated for my f150. The only down side is the manual, keep in mind if you don't have an extensive automotive knowledge you may not want to do this yourself. The instruction manual is in black and white, poorly written and printed on flimsy cheap paper. I don't know why the manfucture would go through all the headache to producing a product only to give bad instructions, lousy. Still works great, no complaints. It will take a good 6 to 8 hours with some help.
It was a great product but what was really surprising was the customer service i had a issue removing a bed bolt and they provided a tech who gave me a easy answer i would recommend this product and company to anyone
Alright,  let me start by saying that I am very happy with the way the lift came out. Looks great and the truck handles very well, 5 stars in that aspect. Now that being said, THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE HORRIBLE!! I found them very confusing and poorly written, not to mention the blurry, out of focus, black and white photos that were no help. Myself and one other friend did most of the work, (me being a mediocre mechanic at best and my buddy, a fairly decent mechanic) with a bit of help here and there from friends that stopped by to see what was going on. It was both of ours first attempt at a body lift and It took us all weekend to finish the project because we ran into many problems, all six of my bed bolts were seized up and I had to grind the torx heads off them and punch them through the bottom of the frame, both from core support bolts broke which took some very sketchy ingenuity to remove. We tried to skip taking the radiator and fan shroud off because of another review that said it wasn't necessary....it is! All in all it was a great and very frustrating learning experience with a rewarding out come. If these guys could fix their instructions this product would be 5 stars all around!
I have a set mounted on a KTM 950 Adventure. They were the only aux light housing that was small enough for my application but I think I need to look for something else that's not as fragile. I've gone about 20k miles of mostly on road touring but lots of dirt/gravel roads as well with these lights.I've had the 1100x on my bike for about 14 months and I've gone thru 3 bulbs and a left housing because the inside wiring fell apart and you can't just replace the wire. The only good thing was that PIAA warrantied the bulbs and housing but it doesn't really help when I'm riding on a backroad at night to find that I only have one driving lamp. Only one of the bulbs burned out. The connecting pins on bulb of the other two broke at the base. The replacement bulbs are $40 each. Glad they were warrantied but it's silly that they couldn't just use H3 or other similar bulb.The reflectors are not very good either. They just throw a lot of light everywhere. There is no cut-off so you can blind oncoming traffic. Before I upgraded my headlight to HIDs, I rode with the PIAAs on all the time but they were pointed about 15' in front of the bike. Now I have them adjusted normally but don't use them unless there's very little traffic.When another bulb goes out, I'll be looking to replace the whole system rather than pay $40 for bulbs that will surely fail in another 3-6 months with limited use.
Bought these to use as headlights for my motorcycle (previous owner removed stock lights and fairings for track use) and was amazed at the brightness and color of the light. PIAA says it's "super white" but there's lots of stuff out there claiming similar output that fails to deliver. Believe me, this is super white, and living at Lake Tahoe you need all the brightness you can get.  Almost as much light output as HID's that run 4-6 times as much $$, I am very happy with the product. As always, PIAA quality is top notch, wiring harness and included installation bits are very good and thorough, instructions are straight forward (I had to cut a considerable amount of wire out of the harness and solder the wires back together in a compact motorcycle-compatible fashion because it is made for auto install and I didn't need most of the length, but that was expected) and they are easy to adjust and bulb replacement seems like it will be straight forward as well. Thank you PIAA. And thank you Amazon for the great prices and prompt delivery.
Pricing was excellent, delivery was fast, product is great. These bulbs really light up the night. I put them on my BMW R1100R to help see FRA (Future Roadkill of America) looking to meet me by accident. What I did not expect was how much these lights improve the sight line down the middle of the road. Makes it that much harder to outrun the light and that much better for riding at night.If you have not installed these lights (or similar ones) before, then it will take you 2-3 hours start to finish. If you have installed these before, then it will be 1-2 hours.
I ordered this second set of 1100Xs to replace a light damaged in one of those pesky low speed gravity/velocity incidents on my Buell XB12X. The first set worked well and met my expectations with one reservation . . .the on/off switch has failed twice.  In each case, the switches were replaced without charge . . .a credit to PIAA customer service commitment.
I have mounted a pair of these on my BMW R1100RS.  They complement the existing headlight by creating a triangle of bright lights, which makes the motorcycle conspicuous and provides oncoming vehicles with a visual reference for depth perception. Thus they are a safety feature.  At night, they are significantly brighter than the headlight, and the beam pattern provides excellent visibility of either straight or curvy roads.  The 110W power demand is manageable for my alternator.  The units were easy to install, and the PIAA literature is clear and easy to understand. I have two minor criticisms. First, the housings are made of relatively flimsy plastic.  My previous PIAA lamps had a heavier plastic housing but one was still broken by a stray rock.  I would have preferred a metal housing. Second, the lamps are not easy to mount if you don't happen to have a rigid horizontal surface handy that you can drill into.  I wish PIAA made mounting kits to allow mounting to vertical surfaces or round bars.  Still, I would buy these again based on what the competition is currently offering.
This is my second purchase of the product. This first one was mounted on my Ducati Multistrada which had been sold; The second purchase is for my new Goldwing GL1800 . These lights are small fashionable Lights but outperforms lights that are much bigger in size. It is very bright and its angle of illumination is very wide.I gave it 5 stars.
PIAA 1192 Platinum 1100X Super White Dichroic Driving Lamp - Set of 2These lights are wonderful.  I bought them to mount as Aux. lighting for my Suzuki SV650. They are very bright and do their job well. The light beam has an oval shape to it, so be aware if you are going to mount it vertically as I did.I would definitely buy again.
I bought these lights to fill in the black holes left and right of the single narrow high beam halogen headlamp on a 2008 Triumph Sprint ST. Not much help because the beams are not focused; a lot of light scatters to the sides and overhead; little reaches out to 100 ft. Small size does make for flexible installation options.
Use these as aux lilghts on my ST1100 Honda.  Mounted on the tip-over wings.  :-)  Great lights for extra visibility to be seen and  to be seen by!
I just got these lights installed the other night. They are really bright. I've even had people flash thier high-beams at me (maybe need to do some adjustment there).For me the installation was very easy since my car already had 55 Watt factory installed fog lights. So I did not use the wiring harness/relay/fuse/switch that came with the lights. I just adapted the factory connectors from my old lights to the PIAA lights so the plug right into the existing wiring.If you don't already have 55Watt rated system you definitly will want to use the PIAA wiring harness. That's a bit of a hassle and extra work, but the lights are really nice. Very small, if you are looking for small, but don't underestimate the smallness for brightness. Now I'll have to see how they work over time and how reliable they are.
If you are looking for a far reaching, concentrated beam this is not the light for you. If you drive many winding, mountain or back country roads where you don't out-drive your high beams then this is probably the light you're looking for. They provide good light to the sides and there may be some light down range but they aren't noticeable over my stock high beams. Quite honestly, the only difference I see when I turn them on while using my high beams is a bit more shoulder light and good vision of the trees - and yes, they are aimed correctly.Wiring is straight forward and there was plenty of harness to run the switch into the cabin. The switch is a small push button type with green/red LED (green with power to the switch but lights are off and red when lights are on). The switch is mounted using double faced tape with no privisions for a screw mount. If you need to mount the light assemblies upside down and want to keep the PIAA logo upright, be careful repositioning the light bulb in the housing - the contacts at the rear of the bulb are very small and fragile! At $30 to $40 a bulb you don't want to damage them!Many of the reviews I read praised these lights but there were many inconsistencies. Some folks were using them as high beam assistance and many were using them as low beam assistance (motorcycles). I wanted something to compliment my high beams so I called PIAA to verify their recommended use. I was told by the company the only use the 1100X is intended for is "high beam assistance only". Maybe this explains why I'm blinded by so many motorcycles.
I'm on my 3rd pair, had these on 4 cars over the last 7 years or so. FANTASTIC output!!!
I initially avoided these because they're a bit pricy, but after two bad results with other lights,I installed a set on my Sport Touring motor cycle. I first mounted them on convenient low points on the side of the fairing. They put out so much light, it interfered with using my mirrors. It was OK, but not comfortable. I moved them to my forks, using a fender mount bolt to position them. GREAT!! I live in Deer country(PA) and on narrow country roads; they're exactly what I wanted. Another benefit results when I tour with my daughter and son-in-law, they can tell exactly where I am behind them and not wait till I catch up to identify me. They also help in reading road signs.
These lights are perfect for grille gaurds... they look great and come with everything needed... not to mention they work great in bad conditions and have plenty of power...
these lights are great.  It's summer time so I don't use them much, however, they look great,  never mind about functional.  They do put out a lot of light and I will get use when I go camping later in the year.  I'm not good at installing electrical, so I had it done, no big deal.  They are mounted on my Westin Bull bar which I installed and this all looks great on my Toyota Tundra.  I'll try to post a picture, but I would highly recommend this product
Have had several brands of off road lights, without question these are the best!!  Excellent quality, easy to install, comes with everything you need for installation right in the box including a relay and a fuse.  I encounter heavy fog several times a year on my drive to work on country back roads and these lights cut right through the fog & mist. I highly recommend these lights, made my commute much safer!
This product was well priced and looks great on my 1997 s10 Blazer. Perfect fit, and almost no bugs on my windshield after driving hundreds of miles.note: self-tapping screws do not penetrate metal well at high rpm, use a medium speed drill setting and be ready to let off the trigger as soon as it grabs so as not to crack the plastic and hand tighten screws to finish the installation.
easy to install
I purchased this ventshade for a blazer I'm rebuilding and it looks awesome fit good and easy to install
Fits perfect on the first try. Comes with all necessary hardware and looks great on my mom's 1998 GMC Jimmy. Great Product!
the best part of this product is it's made in the U.S.A. quality in craftsmanship.this hood shield looks great on my s10 blazer. it matches up perfectly with my window shields, from the same company.would definately buy from them again.
MY HUSBAND LOVE HIS ORDER THANK UAND NOW HE IS HAPPY. SO I REALLY RECONMMEND THIS VENTSHADE FOR A BLAZER CHEVY
After a deer jumped out in front of me I needed some new parts for my truck.  This one was a direct replacement and fit very well.
bought this for my 99 blazer,it came fast went on easy and quick and makes it stand out and look good for a great price and help keep bugs off your windshield..
Highly recommend using the self-tapping screws provided to install.  The aerodynamic forces of the wind hitting the deflector call for secure installation, something the tape only provides over the short term.
Subject says it:  Installed easily, quickly, and looks great on 2003 f150.  During the install, I realized I had to &#34;shove&#34; the plastic screws into the hood (they weren't moving when I tried to screw them in).  This seemed to work on my vehicle without damaging the installation hardware which was plastic.
The product received was a similar product, but different model. It is not the one identified in the listing. However, it serves the same purpose and was for the correct make/model vehicle.
just what I needed for my SUV protects the hood from bugs and saved me some dollars, it really makes the vehicle look better also
It's a great product well made and looks great on my truck. Installation was easy took about 15 min  and that was using a drill. Drill free install even faster. If you want the wrap around look its a bugflectorII part#25631 if you only want the shield to come to the edges of the hood its a bugflector part#23024 make sure you get the correct part# because the pictures on amazon look the same for both parts and part#'s.
I bought this deflector to match my over the doors wind visors.  Perfect fit, top quality and easy install.  Great add for function and styling.
I just finished installing this Bug Deflector. It took about a minute or two and that's only because I seem to be a little slower than most guys...I guess that could be a good thing. My last one was not from this company or model and cost over $100 dollars. How in the heck did this get to me in just two days! I love this country. My reason for having one is purely esthetic &#8212; it muscles my 1999 Tahoe up, okay! Oh...and it does seem to deflect the remains of a grasshopper or two.Five stars baby!
Great looking and not that hard to install on 1999 Yukon.
It was very easy to install. I haven't driven in any condition, bugs, rain etc yet but I expect it will help in those conditions.
Purchased to replace a similar one on a 95 Chevy K1500. Fits and looks good though seems to stick out forward a bit more than the last one. Have a plan for install, the double sided tape sticks good is a one time shot..
My old bug shield only lasted about 16yrs. Impressed with that, I was wanting a replacement of the same brand. Looked on Amazon, and two days later, I had it. Took about 10 mins to install, and I'm very pleased.
Put this on my 1989 Chevy k1500 and turned out wonderful. Took about 10min to intall. You are givin the option to use only the tape that comes attached to it to mount to the underneath of your hood and it seemed ok, I ended up putting some screws into the pre-drilled hole on it into my hood as well for more security. Have went through several automatic car washes and has held up great.
I live in a remote area of northern Minnesota and a slave to dial-up internet shopping. Surfing for a new bug shield found pricing and shipping variations exceeding $100 between the various sites. This was a great deal that shipped fast and arrived in great condition. Thanks!
easy install, broke the one I had during the winter, my fault, (I live in the Northeast, snow & ice and me being a little careless)... glue strips from the old one came off with a razor and taking your time...glue residue came off with my fingers just rubbing it...didn't feel I needed the screws on the original or the replacement...very good product...the one suggestion I have, is drilling a few holes in the space between the shield and the hood to drain rain, washing, and melting snow...
While bug splatters are not usually that big of an issue where I am, rock chips are and this has done a great job of deflecting those rocks from making a mess of the hood or windshield.  It takes the hits instead of much more expensive items.Installation was deceptively easy.  Four snap in inserts go into factory holes under  the hood lip.  Four screws later and it's done.  You could install this in your driveway in 5 minutes.
Took no time at all to install.looks great on the tahoe. I would recommend this bug shield to anyone.great product.
am extremely happy with the product looks awesome on my truck thank you very much. great product.went on extremely easy. like in 5 minutes literally
Looks GREAT! Doesn't  look oversized like some other bug deflectors do. Very easy installation. This item definitely met my expectations.
Very easy to install and looks great on my truck. Was glad they had an install video. Videos are always nice to initially help me to decide on a purchase. Viewed the video then checked my truck for accuracy and voila... ez decision.
I put it on my 02 chevy silverado. fit was easy, looks good. not sure how well it works from a gravel standpoint, but seems to deflect bugs pretty well.i do drive a lot at night as a bartender.
Shield was installed without a problem. All hardware came with it and it only took 15 minutes to install. It was a perfect fit.
The price was great, super fast shipping, and it was installed in under 6 minutes. Besides it enhances our Suburban's appearance!
I ordered a bug shield for a 2012 Chevy Captiva and got one for a Chevy Silverado. Returned with no probllems.
This bug and rock deflector fits my 2000 Silverado well and blends in with the factory trim. My only complaint is the little oval company logo was not stuck well to the shield when it came out of the box.  I installed the deflector on my truck (which is extremely easy to do) and noticed the next day that the little logo oval was again lifting off the shield, so I just pulled it off and threw it away.  Makes for a cleaner look anyway.
This is a great low profile deflector. I fitted one on my 2003 Suburban in less than 15 minutes. It was so easy: push four clips into existing mounting holes under the hood, put some grommets on your screws, and screw the whole thing in.I can't speak for its efficacy, but I haven't gotten any more rocks or fat bugs hitting the windshield since I installed it.
Nice fit, easy to install, looks good, does a good job catching bugs before they get to the windshield. Thank you
The Auto Ventshade 25902 Bugflector II Hood Shield looks great in the pickup hood. Was easy to install. T Y
Hi,Among the posted photos, I noticed there are Chevy and Ford, looked like SUV or Truck as well.Does this specific product fit 2005 Ford Crown & Victoria (Interceptor P71)? (Actually, the 2003 to 2005 are same in terms of body style).Thanks for taking care this.Henry
I just picked up a 2004 Yukon Denali and thought this may dress it up a little bit.Took drill and bits over to do the install only to find out there were already 4 square holes in under side of hood (lip) to install the included screw snap-ins.Took maybe 3 minutes to install the shield.  NO TOOLS required.  Simply push in the inserts into existing holes under hood - hold up shield and put screws in through supplied rubber grommets.Great price / SIMPLE install / Looks Great.
fit application as advertised, good price, fast shipment, easy installation. Looks good on vehicle. Appears to be strong material and came with all needed hardware..
I was looking for a something that would fit well. It is a great fit, quality, and look, very happy and I would would recommend it..!
this bug shield fit my 01 gmc perfectly and has a great price, works great to keep the bugs off and a greater appearance, would recommend this bug shield
I was pleasantly surprised that the bug deflector extends wider than the hood and goes over the fender. The bug deflector is a perfect fit and looks bad a$$. It only took me about 30 seconds to install since the hood already had inserts installed. All the mounting hardware came with the deflector. When installing, make sure you barely tighten the mounting screws to get the shield centered. Once all the screws are installed, tighten all the screws, but, be careful not to over tighten. I was using a cordless drill, and, luckily, I didn't crack the shield. I used a crosstip screwdriver to finish tightening the screws so as not to crack the shield. Thanks for another great buy Amazon.
this bug deflector looks perfect for my yukon! easy installation and a perfect fit! the shipping was fast, this is a really great product for the money!
This ventshade was a perfect fit for our F250.  It replaced another shade that was installed with velcro.  The new one looks nicer and is a much better quality.  Along with looking nice, it also serves its purpose.
Super fast shipping btw, besides that.. Very very easy installation (5 minutes) for a product that will protect your vehicle for years to come! No brainer if you're &#34;on the fence&#34;..
The thumbnail is a shirt.  The product shown is a shoe.  The description is a book.This reviewer is confused.
I'll be honest. I work for a large online retailer named after a South American river, and ordered this because the ASIN (0000000868) is so ... distinctive ... and, frankly, I wondered what the hell a &quot;reader turntable&quot; was, particularly one with both an editor and an illustrator.A friend suggested that the title was really the result of a very poor translation; that &quot;Reader&quot; was supposed to be &quot;Tales&quot;, &quot;Turntable&quot; was supposed to be &quot;Lyrics&quot; and this was really a book entitled &quot;Korea's Favorite Tales and Lyrics&quot;. Oddly enough, there is such a book, apparently edited by Mr. Hyun and illustrated by Mr. Park.Well, as it turns out, &quot;Reader Turntable SE-14&quot; is not a book. It is, well, a reader turntable: a black rectangular piece of 1/2&quot; particleboard, about 13x16 inches, mounted on a bearing so it can rotate easily. It's a lot like a &quot;Lazy Susan&quot;.It's useful for reading rooms, libraries, etc. Place it on table, put a dictionary or other big heavy reference book on it, and now folks sitting on either side of the table can share the reference, simply turning it towards them when they need to look something up.Construction is sturdy. I (175 lbs) stood on it and it rotated: a bit roughly but it didn't collapse. Bearing quality is modest but serviceable. Black matte finish is tasteful.
It had all the songs I wanted but I had ordered the large print version and received the regular version. This was the only thing I did not like.
We have many of the old, old issue. But the number had depleted. There were not  enough books to allow us to use them regularly. With the additional supply the books will be used more often.  They arre a good old standby for gospel singing.
We use this type of hymnal at church.  I was looking for the same one; however, this wasn't it. It is a good hymnal, but there isn't enough information to find the version I need.
Heavenly Highway HymnsI ordered this hymnal because I learned to read shaped note music when I was a teenager. I play piano but do not sing. I am 85 years old. This hymnal has mostof the songs I have learned over the years. It was exactly what I wanted and needed.It was in good condition and the price was right. I purchased this book from Amazon.
I bought this for my husband who plays the piano.  He is having a wonderful time playing these old hymns.  The music  is at times hard to read because we think the book was published for singing from more than playing from.  Great purchase though!
This is a large size hymn book which is great to be able to see the songs, notes, etc.  Quality was great, item was new!
We use this hymn book at the mission.  It has most of the well-loved oldies from a time gone by.  Songs like: "I'll Fly Away" and "Closer Walk With Thee".  If you like a good singalong, you will really enjoy the "Heavenly Hiway Hymns."  Be blessed.
Heavenly Highway Hymns contains great hymns.  These songs are filled with the love for Jesus and of the grace He gives to us.  A blessing in every song.
The hymn selection in this edition is very fine, but the paper quality leaves something to be desired.  For a book in which singers are going to be thumbing through, using the index, turning pages as directed, the paper quality does not look like it will stand up to long term use.
As a child we sang out of these books. The two books I got are very clean and in very good shape. I  am very happy with mine and my sister likes her too.
This is a very cheaply made product.  I would not pay 1$ for this.  The paper is cheap and flimsy--the book will not even stay open (with fear of ripping the binding) so that I can open up to put on piano stand to play.Don't buy this version.
COMPILED OF SOME REALLY OLD GOSPELS, BEAUTIFUL LITTLE HARDCOVER BOOK, AND MY MOTHER LOVED THE SET I PURCHASED SEPERATELY ( HEAVENLY HIGHWAY HYMNS + FAVORITE SONGS AND HYMNS) SHE FOUND SONGS IN THEM FROM HER CHILDHOOD, JUST WHAT SHE WANTED!!
It is amazing that this book is nearly 15 years old, and further that Bill Gates was so spot on with the current technology that we see today.  It is a good read to see both the vision of this truly amazing entrepreneur, as well as to get an idea of how to think about technology enabling daily life.  Listen to what Bill gates says about the future of technology in your life - the past would indicate he knows what he's talking about.
This work bears deep connections to themes first explored in Tad Williams' original breakout novel, about a brave young cat who travels to an underground netherworld to face an ancient evil.  As the owner of two cats myself, after the second read-through, I realized that this novel has much to teach about the critical importance of dealing with fur and dust.I could only give four stars, though, because the cats do not agree, and indeed wish I had not made this purchase.
You may laugh, but I have found that Otherland volumes 1-4 are poor at picking up debris around the house.  I once spilled some cornflakes on the floor, and foolishly thought that I could clean it up by dropping &#34;City of Golden Shadows&#34; on it.  Not only did it not clean, it managed to make things worse by fragmenting the cornflakes into smaller and smaller pieces.  I did what any normal person would do: I stacked the other books on top, hoping that the combined power would whisk the cornflakes away to the technological wonderland that is Otherland.  No such results.Bin Otherland Empty, on the other hand, works like magic.  If you hook it up to a powerful enough motor, you can banish those cornflakes to the land of wind and ghosts.  The downside is that it's pretty light reading, but given the young adult trend these days it's following the light reading trend that literature is headed for these days.It's recommended that you get through the previous volume though (&#34;Hoover Electrical Vaccum Unit&#34;).  I mean, Bin Otherland Empty does work as a stand-alone, but it's not quite as absorbing when not paired up with the prequel.  Some people think you can skip the previous volume and lust stick your mouth in at one end and suck, but, c'mon, that's just gross.Spoiler alert!  Cornflakes vaccumed up.
What if Dread had come out victorious and left Otherland well and truly CLEANED?What if the river that connected the worlds in Otherland had instead worked like a Vacuum hose?This ESSENTIAL companion to the Otherland quartet puts these uncomfortable questions in black and white.The MIND-BOGGLING new adventure starts HERE.Your imagination sets the boundaries...
I thought this book was great before buying it, but now I'm having some buyer's remorse. I really liked most of the author's previous books, but I found this one difficult reading, despite the fact that the chapters were quite short.The book just wasn't very good. In fact, it really sucked.The only reason I'm giving the book five stars is because I like the fact that the author is willing to try new things. I really respect an author who's willing to stretch his limits, exploring hard-to-reach areas, and start with a clean slate.
Doublespeak is truly a language unto itself.  A fair comparison would be the similarities between British English and American English.  Both use the same words which would lead some people to think they were the same language.  That is until one hears that drivers in England keep their jacks in the boot, and take a lift up to their flat.So does Doublespeak use words from English but with a distinct accent that tells you the speaker is not from around here.Some people may not like the tone of the book.  However when you realize that the author also wrote the Cambridge Thesaurus of American English, you'll understand why after several decades studying deception in language he used such a sarcastic tone in presenting examples of such.This book is essential reading for anyone who wants to understand how scam artists use innocent words for nefarious ends.  Perhaps people like Bernie Madoff would have been less successful in running their scams if more people were aware of and watchful for doublespeak.
Double Speak presents an interesting collection of countless issues of semantics; some comical, some downright shocking.When words are used with the intention of implying one meaning yet are open to completely different connotations, this usage can be exploited to convince, misrepresent, or simply to provide one a convenient means of retraction.Lutz provides examples of Double Speak in politics, business, world events, sports, law, and many others areas of interest.  I found many of the revelations intriguing and entertaining and would recommend this book for light reading or for anyone researching deliberate misusage of the English language for benefit.
i love this book,its colorful and very fun to use,nevermind people who say this book should be tossed in a bonfire,the abeka math series is truely wonderful
This product was brand new and perfectly suited for our needs.  I love to work with Abeka products and this math curriculum is just great!  God bless you!
My children have been using it for extra homework.  LOTS of arithmetic problems.  I had to eliminate some.  Only wish there're more word problems.
Long time L & H fan. I tend to buy anything about these two heros. Is small but not disappointing
The story of Johnny the Bagger is a must-read! It has been months since I first read the book but regularly think about the principle of customer service conveyed by Johnny. The story clearly demonstrates that anyone, regardless of physical limitation, can do something memorable and creative to provide  great customer service. What a fabulous example in this story.
THIS IS A SIMPLE VERY POWERFUL BOOK. ANYONE WHO IS IN CUSTOMER SERVICE NEEDS TO READ THIS BOOK !!! SHOULD BE #1 ON THE BEST SELLERS LIST!!!!
This book is so worth the price! It may look small and short but it contains a lot of information. It takes about 30-90 minutes to read (depends on reading speed), and it doesn't matter whether you work in retail or corporate office. Everyone needs to read this for a simple, easy to understand method of what service means. I purchased multiple copies for my businesses so everyone can read.
How soon we forget that our purpose on earth is to serve others. In serving others, we in turn will be served. We all need to practice Johnny's dedication to others. Read this book and you will see the world differently.
This is an inspiring little book. The premise of giving great service includes the emotional component to lead with the heart - to personalize the service experience in such a way as to make it both extraordinary and impossible to duplicate.  Out your personal signature on every job, make your customer remember you, and do it in such a way that it is truly from the heart.  Inspired and inspiring!
Practical, common sense book on service in business.  To bad so many of us don't have common sense, in business & focus only on the bottom line."These stories of extraordinary service provide a tool kit for success, no matter what one's position in life may be."  Bob Danzig, former CEO, Hearst Newspapers"This book offers practical, usable and critical advice for all organizations through real life stories about how tyhe power of service can impact customer loyalty."  C. Manly Molpus, President and CEO, Grocery Manufacturers of AmericaWant a healthy bottom line?  Give your customers great service.  Want to know how?  Read this book."  Harvey Makay, Author of Swim with the Sharks without being eaten alive.
This is a short read, it took me at most an hour. It has valuable nuggets of wisdom and a very touching story about Jonny the Bagger. Simple truth: go the extra mile and it will pay off.
Received the book very promptly and, although used, it was in great condition.  Thank you.
GREAT BOOK BY THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE PUBLISHING CLAN. AS A SMALL PUBLISHER MYSELF I FOUND IT FASCINATING READING ABOUT THE EXPERIENCES OF A MAN IN MY BUSINESS HALF A CENTURY EARLIER. A CANDID LOOK AT A SEAMY BUSINESS.
Waste of money on this! Did not work! MP3 should normally work but may have been used prior. I would not buy unless it is sealed!
If you are like me, a person who understand more by listening , this is a good resource for you . The faculty that are giving the didactic sessions are phenomenal .
This is a great product; I can listen to it anytime I want: during walks, exercises, driving. Good speakers. Love it
Awesome videos by MKSAP. Content is covered comprehensively and is very well organized. Really enjoyed them and would recommend them strongly.
My items arrived expeditiously. I was so excited when I saw that the seller included extras.  I love the practice tests and the videos.  I haven't taken the boards yet but this is a good prep so far.
CDs have no scratch. The product is exactly what is being said. 100% satisfied with purchase.Truly recommend it for those who want to learn during commute.
'Why Abundant Oil Hasn't Cut Gasoline Prices' tells us that for the first time since 1995, the U.S. will likely produce more oil than it imports; meanwhile, fuel consumption has fallen 16% below its 2007 peak. Most of the new product comes from places like North Dakota, Wyoming, and Oklahoma - far from refining hubs. Limited pipeline capacity forces moving the product on barges and trains, adding up to $17/barrel. The Jones Act further complicates transport within the U.S. Thus, it is often cheaper for Gulf Coast refiners to send gas to Brazil instead of N.Y.C. At the same time, refiners are required to blend 13.8 billion gallons of ethanol into fuel sold domestically - about 400 million gallons more than needed, thereby requiring the purchase of credits (now 66 cents/gallon) that also add costs.'What Good Are Low Prices if the Shelves Are Empty' says Wal-Mart has added 455 stores (13%) in the last five years, while the number of employees in the U.S. is down 1.4%. Wal-Mart has been last in the American Customer Satisfaction Index for department and discount stores for six years running.'Think Colossal' reports Samsung accounts for 17% of South Korea's GDP, while employing 370,000 worldwide. Electronics is the largest Samsung component, others range from insurance, shipbuilding, construction, appliances, and textiles. The first step in moving into new categories is to start small - eg. making a key component for the industry, ideally something costly to manufacture (less competition). This also gives Samsung managers insight into the target industry. Samsung spent $21.5 billion in capital expenditures last year for its electronics division, double that of Apple. The company was founded in 1938 by the father of its current CEO. Sansung produced 400 million cell phones in 2012; assembly takes place in cells (not using assembly lines) and is completed by an individual. In 2011 Samsung announced its intent to spend $20 billion by 2020 to develop proficiencies in medical devices, solar panels, LED lighting, biotech, and electric car batteries.
I received this as a gift from my parents when I was 8 (and the book was new).  It literally changed my entire way of thinking about things, my thought processes, and made such a huge difference in my life path I cannot explain it.  MANY nights with a flashlight under the covers were spent with this fascinating book...  It really needs to be republished.
A classic!My Father bought this book new and, as a boy, I spent hours poring over the process diagrams, reading the text and connecting one with the other, the wheels turning in my mind, gradually unlocking the mysteries of technology.  I found that having one process explained often spurred curiosity in another up- or down-stream process that was, in turn, explained in the book.  Thus, a caveat:  DO NOT pick up this book intending to &quot;just take a quick look at something&quot;.  That isn't going to happen; at least not until you know enough to have written it yourself.Whether you are a working professional or student seeking an overview, a technically-minded child or adult broadening your knowledge, or simply a curious but casual reader, this book is highly recommended.  Much of it remains valid, despite it's age.
The Way Things Work is an illustrated volume that is essential for a well-stocked reference library.  From the juke box to the diesel engine, the easy-to-understand descriptions and drawings explain to everyone exactly how and why things work the way they do.  Hundreds of items are included allowing quick checks of whatever subject happens to come up at home or the office.
One of a kind book that still has not been duplicated.The use of 2-color drawings only forces a precision and clarity of communication that tends to get lost in the hype of our multimedia world.  Perhaps the Germanic minimalism in the Bauhaus tradition.I still refer to it even though most of the &quot;state of the art&quot; in this book was mid-1960s.  This book fills in alot of the &quot;technology infrastructure&quot; and supply chain networks that are essential to end products people actually see.I would love to see this book brought back to print with new updated information.  Keep exactly the same style: left page of text, right page of 2-color diagrams, one thought per page pair. The format is thoroughly modern in the sense that the content is perfectly suited to internet-centered presentation.  You can enter the book at any page and pick up a self-contained piece of knowledge.  Very web-like.
This book, along with Volume 2, provides a clearly understandable explanation of industrial processes that pre-digital 20th century western civilization depended upon. Every entry carries a modestly detailed text explaining the process and at least one full page of step-by-step graphical illustrations. If we ever needed to rebuild society, this would be a starting point reference book. Also, if you're a high school student in need of an understanding of Industry-Commerce-Law, then time spent with the two volumes of the set will be well invested. Impress your guidance counselor and college interviewers along the way!
The Prophet is a timeless piece, and it speaks for itself.  The profound messages are written so poetically and gracefully they resonate much deeper than dry philosophy.  Once you read it, you'll never want to lose this book.
Spiritually and mentally inspiring! A book that allows you to question your morals and will help you discover who you really are!
This is one my must have books. It is a masterpiece of spirituality. I'll be the first to admit, its literary quality isn't much. It is rather simplistically written, but the message behind it is so powerful that you have to read it. It will take you to enlightenment.
This book provides a reflection that you can apply to your own life.And, a way for you to try and assess whether you are truly doing the right thing and making the most of your short time on this plane.
I first read THE PROPHET in college back in the 60's. The book had a revival as did anything metaphysical in the turbulent 60's. It had a profound effect on me and became a book I always took with me. After graduation I joined the Peace Corps and during stressful training in country (Liberia) at times of illness and the night before I left, this book gave me great comfort. I read it before I married, just before and again after my children were born and again after two near fatal illnesses. I am always amazed that there is a chapter that reaches out to you, grabs you and offers both comfort and hope for the future.Gibran offers timeless insights and love with each word. I think that we as a nation should read AND learn the lessons here. It is definitely a time for thought and reflection this book could guide us through.
A timeless classic.  It is a very demanding and assuming title, but Gibran backs it up with some excellent style and content.  If he had the means to publish it a century or two earlier, he could have inspired a new religion.From the mouth of an old man about to sail away to a far away destination, we hear the wisdom of life and all important aspects of it.  It is a messege.  A guide book.  A Sufi sermon. Much is put in perspective without any hint of a dogma.  There is much that hints at his birth place, Lebanon where many of the old prophets walked the Earth and where this book project first germinated most likely.Probably becuase it was written in English originally, the writing flows, it is pleasant to read, and the charcoal drawings of the author decorating the pages is a plus.  I loved the cover.
Terrific and very deep and meaningful. Fabulous reading. Gibran ya Gibran Lebanon honors you and the Lebanese love you Habibi
Reading this made my mind feel like a still pool of water, cool and quiet in a mossy grotto.  It's direct and simple wisdom has a depth of complexity that takes a quiet day to sink in, leaving you at peace.  It is best to set time aside for it, relax, absorb, and let it softly clear your mind.
As you read, Gibran's poetry brings spiritual and visual beauty to life within you. Gibran is justly famous for rich metaphors that brilliantly highlight the pursuit of Truth and Goodness amidst all the darkness and light of human nature.
"The Prophet" is a powerful book of topical wisdom by Lebanese author and poet Khalil Ghibran. The book begins when a fictional prophet arrives mysteriously by ship and is taken in by a group of people who he remains among for several years. Before he leaves, he wants to thank them for their kindness but has nothing to give, so he gathers the people together and answers their questions with his wisdom on various aspects of life. The premise is similar to that of the Tao Te Ching and Lao Tzu imparting his wisdom to a guard. Every chapter is beautifully written in simple yet profound prose. Balance and the oneness of life are big themes. Ghibran is so artful in his use of metaphors and doesn't waste a single word. If ever there were a great gift book, this is one. I think it's a classic that everyone should read once but most will find themselves returning to many times over the years.
I have been reading and re-reading Kahlil Gibran for 34 years now. The Prophet is my favorite book of all time. It touches a piece of the spirit within all of us that is not connected to any particular religion yet speaks from - and to - all of them. The Prophet is masterfully insightful, poignant, and timeless. I gave a copy to each of my grown sons and hope they find as much insight in it as I have all these years. In fact, I chose the essay on children to read during the Unity Candle ceremony at my son's wedding. It was a beautiful, perfect passage for such a powerful moment! The essays in this book speak to every facet of life as a human being, ever inspiring the reader to remember his or her connection to the infinite. The artwork is exquisite! Give a copy to someone you love - then read it with them!
This is riddled with glaring typos. Very disappointing, because I really enjoyed this book in paper form before. I found this version unacceptable.
This is a timeless classic.  Over the years I've given it as a gift more times than I can count, and will continue to do so.  Addresses real life issues in a beautiful way and makes us reexamine our own attitude about how we see what happens in our lives.  So easy to read over and over.
I've always loved The Prophet and I've read it many times. I gave away my last copy and was looking for a replacement. I purchased this copy only to find that it was a tiny novelty version of the book. If you're looking for something tiny to keep in your purse then this is for you. If you're looking for a "real book" then this is a joke.
I was introduced to Gibran by my husband on my birthday years ago.  Since that time, Gibran has helped me in many of lifes trying times.  My favorite passage is by and far his writings on Children.  How many times during the 'teenage' years of raising my son, did I turn to his reminders on how to be a good 'bow' I don't know, but it was invaluable help.  I give this book to graduates, friends who have everything, friends who have nothing after a trauma in their lives, there really isn't any opporunity that I pass up to give this book as a gift with a message included that I hope that they can find as much in this book as I have.  Don't try to read it as a 'book',it's able to be read from any point and any topic that strikes your fancy.  And by all means go back and re-read.  You will find new and fuller meanings with every reading.
I LOVE this book... his writing seems to just flow from page to page. I get something different from this book each time I read it..
The product came in good quality, on time, and just a described.  Kahlil Gibran is a great author and The prophet is one of my favorite reads.
This book has so much you can take out of it to use in your real life. Amazing, and one of my favorite reads of all time.
When I was in college in the 70's this book had a revival and I did not read it then.  Recently a friend (who is 90) and I were talking about work and she said: &quot;work is love made visible,&quot; and told me it was from the Prophet.  I though that was so beautiful I got the book and was not disappointed.You see, if you have ideas and you do not realize them, then they are nothing, and if your ideas do not come from love and joy, then they are bitter and what they produce will be bitter, but if they flow from love and joy, then their realization will be love and joy, thus work is love made visible.He says it WAY better that I do and says much more in just a few paragraphs.  But as you can see from the example, what he says is not religious, but positive ways of looking at things.  Since I rediscoverd the book I have given away many copies and everyone I have given it to sincerly thanked me.
I read The Prophet years ago as a freshman college student & wished I'd read it in high school.The lessons in this book can really positively impact the life of a teen or young person.I've found another book that is geared towards young people that also gets this same message across, in an epic adventure way that teens like.The Prophetic Tales of No Child Left Behind[...]I stumbled across this book & decided to buy it for a niece that's a senior in high school. Its very rough, with some errors but the impact it had on her life, was similar to the impact The Prophet had on mine. If you like Kahlil Gibran, I think you could appreciate this also.
I discovered The Prophet fifty years ago in college and have read it dozens of times since then.  Now, in addition to my beat up hard copy, I have a portable e-copy.  If you were looking for an example of an intelligently designed (pun intended) book of spiritual guidance, this would be it.  It doesn't care how you picture, name or define &#34;God&#34; or whether you give him a gender and a personality.  It just cuts to the heart of how to live and how to relate to others.  If Jesus and the Buddha teamed up to write a book, it might come out like this.When I first read it, I found some passages difficult to grasp.  Looking back, I now think that it was not because they were hard to understand, but because I did not want to hear gently spoken, intelligently phrased ideas that contradicted my own.  Now, if I could have only one book, this would probably be it.
the excellent condition and speedy receipt of this product will always encourage me to purchase items from Amazon and their providers.WONDERFUL!!!!!!!
It was my mistake to assume the book would come with a book jacket, which it didn't despite the picture of it. However, pages are intact and came in decent condition.
Can't say enough about Kahlil Gibran's work among this piece. Everybody in the whole world should read this! There is almost too much to take in, really appreciate and put towards our daily lives. In my opinion, it is just one of the most beautiful literature pieces ever written. Would recommend to as a gift for anyone spiritual/poetic/philosophy/educational piece or just something to enjoy here and there. 5 stars for sure!
I don't usually read for pleasure, in fact this book took me a month to finish because i read it so sporadically, but it was an easy read and a rather short book, very rich and quite honestly an example of getting more enlightenment from less text than most other books.
I have always loved this book and had misplaced my original copy so I was happy to get it again.
i like everything Kahill writes.  it touches me and i feel it is so out of this world and yet apart of it as well
This version of Khalil Gibran's book is a beautiful work and one I often give as a gift. The complementary artwork is fantastic. One of the most moving books I've read
In my opinion, this is a Classic worth reading again and again!  Comfort and life's important lessons can be learned again and again.  I've read this book many times and  will continue  to do so.
I have the 1972 version, bought in 1974. The 1972 version originally had a dust jacket but my dust jacket is long gone. This particular rendition has had many re-printings, for a reason: it's very popular. The textured paper, old-style typography, and leather cover are better than a plain-old paperback. The size is diminutive, which is perfect for this book.
My friend recommended this book, she said she had read it as a young girl and it made an impression. So I bought it for my son.  I read it and loved it.  The way the book is written is so sweet and beautiful. The explanation to lives basic spiritual rules are poetry.I loved it!!
i ordered only one book, to be sent to my "giftee's" address, but was sent two books, one as a gift, and one to my residence.  When I tried to stop it, it was too late, as it was already into shipping mode.
Gibran releases himself in this amazing, driven insight to the human  experience.  A definite must for those who enjoy life!!
Cool book, I really like the quality of the production.  Black clothbound with gold embossing and nice paper, looks to be cotton rag.  I am proud to include it in my collection.  Intrigueing story full of the sort of passion that does not cloud the mind or divert truth but instead is revealing and living. Very readable, the stories are short and highly economic so that one is likely to read for only a minute or two until something insightful is revealed. It is full of timeless truths which are of lasting value to the reader and inform life.  The language and delivery is familiar yet of a quality that is penetrating in a similar way as it might be listening to a surmon by Jesus.  I give it 5 stars. I considered giving only 4 stars because the format is fairly predictable but I have decided that this quality is actually a strength as one can pick up the book at any point and continue until the end...and then start over for that matter.  Excellent for busy people or commuters!
This book is everything that is simple, delicate, true, and beautiful.I have read few books so touching and enlightening; &quot;The Prophet&quot; is a true masterpiece that has that feeling of ancient wisdom in it. The wisdom of the text is gentle, yet insistent, it lets you understand things you've always known.My feelings defy description.
For those who don't know Gibran, get to know his work. The Prophet is a must read. His outlook on life is truly an inspiring guide on how to approach major life decisions. This is a relationship with a man's work you won't regret having.
I would have to say that this is the best book I've ever read.. I could feel every word deep in my heart everytime, of the many times I've read it!  I would never get enough of it! its a treasure..
I read this book at least once a year and every year I gain new insight from it. This book changed my life and I hope it does that same for you. If you're looking for something with poetic, beautifully grafted language than look no further. Kahlil Gibran talks about all aspects of life: marriage, love, religion, eating, etc. Anything that is of relative importance he talks about. If you're not sure about it, go for it. It's a really short book and I assure you won't be disappointed.
Despite the many redeeming aspects of this moral tale, there is just no denying that kahlil was a little simple.  What many mistake as genius, underneath is nothing but undeniable cold hard facts about ethics.  Anyone from the womb can fathom the ideas discussed in this book.  There is no reason to shroud it in a fable of unusual circumstances involving characters of little to no substance.  It continues to work off the fact that what people in the past considered influential somehow and always seems to weasel its way, as a prominent piece of literature, into a time period like today where it does not belong.  Im sure many people read the prophet, but it does not enrich or enlighten them in the least, and if it does it is for a brief period of time.  All that was read is assumedly forgotten within minutes after it is all comprehended, to some little extent.  Not bringing down the moral values this book addresses, just a dose of reality for those thinking this is revolutionary and possibly neccessary in an evil, cynical, sarcastic, and perplexing time period we find ourselves in now.  Sorry, just a heads up, read it to heed it.
I read this about a year ago and can't recall a great deal of the book. From what I do recall it was like a poem all the way through. While the writing was beautiful, I found it ambiguous and befuddled with meaning that I could not identify with. When Gibran speaks of God, I cannot identify because I have since abandoned those philosophies. It is thus difficult to revisit them in this book. I have the feeling a may have missed something great about this book. Indeed, I pulled wisdom from parts, but rather than go back and read it again, for now, perhaps I will move on to another of the many books out there that are enlightening and worth reading. Someday, I would like to read this again and dig deeper.
Loved this book since first I read it, years gone by.  Purchased this copy for a friend who has not ever read Gibran.
I first read The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran over 30 years ago and have read it many times since. Gibran's messages are timeless and have always influenced my life and relationships. Over the years I have used it as a gift for persons I cared about. This paperback version has a lovely cover and makes a nice yet inexpensive gift containing valuable lessons for anyone. I purchased three for future giving at the special price offered.
It's a thin book which has deep thoughts about topics like love, generosity, death, prayer, etc. It can be read again and again because it is thin while at the sametime it contains so many words of wisdon.
The quality of the paper, print, and cover was so poor that I was embarrassed to give it as a gift.  What a shame.
This book went to a friend who said that it was in good condition. It took longer for shipping (2 weeks) than the other book (7 days) that I ordered at the same time but we were happy with the purchase.
Who can ever say anything negative about this great philosopher poet, artist?  Read, enjoy, and apply to your own life.
Excellent BookFull of wisdom.  Even though the book wasn't preachey there were a lot of references made to the bible made.
This is a fantastic book and I would definitely recommend it to everyone.  Quick read, but also very insightful. It really makes you think.
I bought this for a child going through a stressful time. I always took comfort from it when I needed a few words of wisdom, and needed to appreciate what I have.
I only wish I could read the original text.  The simplicity and frankness, the blend of respect for the individual and appreciation of spirituality--this is the most astonishing work I have ever read.
If anyone has not read this fine book...The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran...then they must!  Simple as that...fine gift for young and old +++ order process and book were fine...did take longer than previous orders.  Was explained details that it might..so no dissapointment on that...from Amazon.com.
The prophet's words are full of wisdom, passion, learning and moreover peaceful for a loving or depressed soul. You won't be tired of listening to his calmed recorded voice. Thanks.
Very Deep but will give life altering wisdom when absorbed. I  Have been listening to this for over 30 years.
One of the most profound books I have ever read. You can learn alot about love, life and relationships after reading this book. Very insightful.
I've read this book a few times and it always takes me away from the petty worries of everyday life to a place where universal truth seems to exist. This is surprising as I don't believe in universal truth but in a world of competing truths, depending on your perspective. How does Gibran do this? It's the simple, poetic language and use of metaphor which makes this book seem timeless.Some people have said he's helped to inspire the Arab Spring and that he's a revolutionary, others say he's irrelevant and full of pop psychology - but he remains the third most popular poet in the world so go figure.Another book I read recently had a similar prophet, a woman called Bal Ashtu - calling for equality between men and women in Islam. It was called 'Mosaic Deceptions' I think. Worth a read too if you're interested in spiritual themes and a good plot in the same book.
This book transcends all religions, and explains the many questions we have about life through what seems like a channeled spiritual source.  This book is not long, but says so much is so few words.  Highly recommended!!
While it is certainly true that Gibran was no Christian, is it necessarily true that his beautiful writings are heresy?  No.  His messages of unconditional love and tolerance are universal, regardless of your faith.  It is certainly necessary to understand his perspective.  But to discount his contributions out of hand on the basis of his personal beliefs is deeply prejudicial.
This is one of the first (literary) books I recall reading. My mother kept a collection of Gibran's works that she often read. I was curious to see what attracted her, so I looked into them too ( I was either eight or nine  at the time). I believe that was my first taste of spirituality and seemed  at the time more relevant than what I was being force-fed by nuns in  catechism class. Rereading Gibran now, I'm struck by the notion that Hesse  must have been aware of these texts before he wrote Siddhartha. They  contain many of the same themes: No one else can guide you on your path.  You must select your own course. Preachers and prophets are a dime a dozen.  True wisdom comes from within.The prophet's teaching on love is  particularly relevant to me at this stage of my life:&quot;For even as  love crowns you so shall he crucify you. Even as he is for your growth so  is he for your pruning. Even as he ascends to your height and caresses your  tenderest branches that quiver in the sun, So shall he descend to your  roots and shake them in their clinging to the earth. Like sheaves of corn  he gathers you unto himself. He threshes you to make you naked. He sifts  you to free you from your husks. He grinds you to whiteness. He kneads you  until you are pliant; And then he assigns you to his sacred fire, that you  may become sacred bread for God's sacred feast.&quot;Look into these  books. They may appear simplistic to the jaundiced eye, but they may also  provide the inspiration you need to see you through life's travails.
This book redefines poetry and re introduces a long forgotten era where people once spoke with meaning and passion. Instead of politics, money and regulations, The prophet reminds you of wisdom we as people once had embraced but now over look and under estimate the value of what real knowledge is worth. This book gives u all of this in less than 100 pages! I'm not getting paid to write this review. So this is a real review from a real person and not a salesman. If this was helpful then send me 5 bucks and we'll call it even. Paypal accepted
First read this when I was 14 years old.  Now several decades later, I just reread this while sitting and waiting during Karate lessons and other children's sports/activities.  It brought me back again to the mountains of Idlewild, above Palm Springs where I first read his words while at Church Camp.  It brought me back to that place of center, balance and peace.  Profoundly wise and insightful.....I loved the way his words washed over me, filling all of the corners of my heart.  Would recommend this to all lovers of words and soul seekers.....of any age.  This is ageless and priceless.  Thanks Kahlil for another lovely visit.
a great book.  very helpful in developing a spiritual life.  I have several similar book but this one is most helpful.
Kahlil is so amazing.  To try to express his wisdom with my own words would be more like an insult.  Just read the book and just let it soak in.Carl BozemanAuthor: Amazon bestselling book; &#34;On Being God - Beyond Your Life's PurposeAre You Listening? Addressing the Divine Within &On Human Being - Loving and Living Without Purpose
If your ship has run aground and you are looking for inspiration to continue your journey, this book is for you. Sensuous, seductive, and profound, this poetic beauty is nectar for the gods.
Read The Prophet in college and now my college kids have discovered it!  In fact my daughter and her new hubby used quotes in their marriage ceremony.  Fun to rediscover and share the book.
This is one of the best, most inspiring philosophy/poetry books ever written!  I have read it over and over, though never tire of it.  It is a great reminder for what's most important in life and puts everything in perspective.  My favorite 'chapters' are Love, Marriage, Children and The first look. I am a romantic though, so the other chapters may appeal to you more....;-)  Absolutely classic and timeless.  Perfectly stands the test of time. My personal copy is from 1948 and is one of my favorite treasures.
One of my favorite Philosophers. Love his words. His ancient wisdom is still relevant today. Worth keeping this wonderful pearl of wisdom.
I had been seeing quotes from this all over the place for the last year while reading other books. I figured since all my favorite authors were quoting Gibran, I should check out the original. It's quite amazing how much wisdom is packed into a relatively short book. Every page makes you think and reflect on your own life. I will definitely be going back and re-reading this again and again. I can tell it's one of those books that you'll find a new treasure or a deeper insight with every read. A spiritual classic and a must read for every Christian and spiritual/philisophical seeker trying to understand the depth, mystery, beauty and struggles of life.
I would recommend it. I keep many book marks in it to read time and again.The sections each have much to consider.
This book is beautiful!! his words make sense they always have and always will. at one point it brought tears to my eyes.. Then again, i am sappy!
This is Gibran's most celebrated work and it is so with goodreason.  It is a profound insight and expose into the human characterand the emotions that work within the heart and soul.  Humble words,seared with the heights and depths of love and of pain, this is a life-changing arrangement of words.  If I had to sum the book up in one word, it would be &quot;SUBLIME.&quot; If you're picking up this title, be sure to order Gibran's 'The Beloved' to go along with it. These are books that deserve a worthy and permanent place on your bookshelf.
This purchase met all of my expectations. I am highly satisfied and would purchase again from the seller. I was surprised to recieve this wonderful origionalcopy from 1954.
Intrinsically, this book utilizes a flowing a cleaver way to express the ideological interpretations of the author. While, personally, I found nothing profound in the ideologies expressed in the book, I did find it, simply a pleasure to read. Even with the lack of philosophical epiphany, the style of the book in its fluid manner, the parallel structure of the chapters, and the brevity combined with the larger font in the piece, leave the reader, whether they agree with the philosophies therein or not, in a state of solemn peace and the feeling that they have not wasted their time. As, really, they probably have not, it really did not waste my time anyway; it only took a little over an hour to read (with breaks).
"Almustafa, the chosen and the beloved, who was a dawn onto his own day, had waited twelve years in the city of Orphalese for his ship that was to return and bear him back to the isle of his birth."This sentence opens one of the most famous books in human history. Kahlil Gibran's "The Prophet" was published in 1923 and has sold more than 100 million copies.Read the rest of the review here: [...]
I'm not religious, but I take moral philosophy very seriously. If there were a list of books that all people should read in order to call themselves a student of life, this is probably the most important one. I would also include The Alchemist. Check it out.
This book is so good, it brings tears to my eyes in the beauty of the wording.  It is definitely a must-read for everyone who enjoys reading :)
When I first started writing poetry at age 12 or 13, I was encouraged to read other poets.  Something I refused to do because I thought it might influence, "My Style"...:)OK, so I was hard headed...  I later was introduced by a Brother In Law to Kahlil Gibran and it was like finding a kindred soul.  I now totally encourage any one that want's to excel in poetry to read the greats.  And you won't find many of the caliber of this man!!!  His words sing from the page both in his poetry and in his short stories!  I love "Martyr's To Man"  (It's been a while but some of the words are still singed in my brain...  And I think it truly speaks of the time we are living in now more than ever...  From memory so not verbatim...Are you a soldier?Who must forsake wife and children?And go fourth into the fields of battle?For the sake of greedWhich your leaders miscall duty?Than you are a martyr to man!There's more but the gist of what I am saying is if you love poetry and you haven't read any Kahlil Gibran you're missing out on one of the greatest poets to ever live!And if you write poetry, I firmly believe Kahlil Gibran should be recquired reading!!!Not that you will feel you have to plod your way through it...You too, will fall in love with his immense gifts!!!Sincerely,And best wishes to allChase vonYour Chance to Hear The Last Panther Speak
Beautiful and peaceful read. I carry it in my purse and read it whenever I am waiting for the Doctor, at the airport, etc.
This is the sort of poetry that makes you weep, where you can read each line 10 or a 100 times, hoping, just hoping that you'll remember it forever. Narrating the struggles of man in life and in love, this work rings of an eastern spirituality reconciling with a distinctly western despair. Read it.
This book was great; each chapter was a nugget of wisdom, resulting in a treasure trove by the end. It's no wonder this book is called a classic. Gibran uses a literary style inspired by the Bible, but it is still easy to read. Has a lot of philosophical ideas that I'm sure I will revisit in the future. Seems like one of those books that you learn something new every time you reread it. Definitely recommend, especially for anyone new to philosophy reading because it is short and easy to read.
I discovered this book as a teenager in the early 70s.  The wisdom it contains is invaluable.  I have re-read it countless times.  I've given copies to many young people over the years, hoping it will inspire them as much as it inspires me.  The thoughts contained within this small volume transcend religious boundaries.  If you assimilate the lessons of this book into your life, you will raise happier children, be happier with your life partner, accept your grief as well as your joy . . .I could go on and on, but I'll finish by saying if you can have only one book, let it be this one.
Give good advice and provides a beautiful outlook on the many different aspects of life. I always give this book as a gift.
i read this book when i was 16 and was amazed and enlightened by its' simple wisdom. 12 years later, and with a bit more life experience, i still am in awe of the truth contained in the pages of this book.
A decade past, I knew very little about the writer/artist/poet/prophet, Kahlil Gibran. I am happy to say, that today, I am well acquainted with his work. The Prophet was the first book I read written by Gibran, and ever since that first reading I have immersed myself in his extraordinarily consummate skill of exquisitely crafted words. To say the Prophet or any other writings by Kahlil Gibran is simply fine literature is to say the mysterious of the soul are mediocre. I recommend that if you have not touched upon any of Kahlil Gibran's books, that you consider the Prophet as a good start. You will not be disappointed. A few other extraordinary works of art by Gibran: The Voice Of The Master; The Beloved; Sand And Foam; The Broken Wings; Between Night And Morn; The Earth Gods; and one of my personal favorites, though not so much a "story," but rather a collection of personal letters to dearly beloved friends: Kahlil Gibran: A Self-Portrait.
I have given away more than 50 of these books over the years - and will continue to do so.  This is a well-made book - will last a long time.
Excellent to read, short chapters on the different aspects of life... deep! reaches your inner self and invites one to meditate. Rich and simple philosophy.
This is a classic book, I have always loved his written wisdom, but it is also so very romantic, and advanced for his time. I read passages to my boyfriend sometimes.
We've purchased dozens of copies to give to our children's friends as they graduate from high school.Since The Prophet covers all aspects of humanity, including rites of passage, it's proven inspirational for many (even of some didn't get it).
This powerful work has been with me most of my life, calibrating my thinking and perspective of everyday life. I rate it along side of Kipling's poem &#34;IF&#34;, an ideal template for manhood..
I became aware of the Prophet when I read Weaver's The Sophist, which has a similar format. No matter what your interests or preferences, Gibran is sure to touch some part of your heart, mind, soul or all three through his insightful observations and poetic craftsmanship. I use the book as a morning devotional sometimes, reviewing the wisdom found there from day to day.
Just read it. It's one of those books that will renew your idea of humanity. I would recommend it to anyone.
If you only read one book in your life twice .... make it this one.  After you read it twice you ** may ** begin to realize how much understanding about life has somehow escaped you along your path to finally reading it.  There is a lot packed into the mere 80 or so pages of this book which most people die and never understand, go ahead and give it a try.
Short but powerful book. Sometimes you just need a pick-me-up of quotes and wisdom. This is the book to refocus and center on important things.
I'm afraid that if I write too much in this review, it will be longer than the actual book. Heavily padded with white space and clever type, maybe the editors had massive thumbs and a knack for quickly flipping through pages as they speed read through nonsense, so their thumbs don't cover the words.There are just several places where this book starts to bring an interesting point to the table. Most notable, for me, was saying "you are as weak as your weakest link is only half of the story, you are also as strong as your strongest link." This was quickly lost in conversation about how the ocean and the river are one, and something about white and black string on cloth, and a bending willow tree, excessive use of the word "verily," and other tiresome metaphors.Two stars because I was able to finish it, although at less than 100 pages, that's not really a challenge. I think people like this book because they can't understand it, and assume that it's wise. Maybe they can't understand it because it sucks.
I adore this book and must have misplaced it somewhere.  I was curious to see how the Kindle version was, due to things like formatting issues that sometimes occur.  Disappointingly, the free sample is only the forward.  Not even one page of the book.  The price is not bad in comparison to some Kindle editions, but the sample definitely didn't let me check out the book at all.
Gibran Khalil Gibran was born in 1883 in what is now Northern Lebanon.  In 1909 he went to Paris to study, but he did not like the strict education, and so he traveled, eventually moving to New York.  Gibran became both an artist and a writer, and in 1923 he published "The Prophet", which is generally considered to be his greatest work.  He died of cancer in a New York hospital at the very young age of 48.The Prophet is a story about Almustafa (The Prophet) who after living 12 years in Orphalese is about to depart aboard ship to return to his home.  Before he goes, a group of people stop him, and to them he teaches the secrets of life.  Gibran writes in a very poetic manner, and it is wonderful to read.
The Prophet took me by surprise.  I had received it as a gift and owned it for many years before I ever read it and when I started it, I thought I'd be reading a fun fable.  What I got instead was an amazing look into my own soul, told with a beauty and grace I have not found in any other work.  It is a fable, but it is so much more.  The subtle lessons about life and love and our journey through this existence are captivating. It is the type of book that has so much to teach that I usually only read a few pages at a time.  And they always seem to be the right pages just when I need them.  Of course, you can read it the whole way through, but give yourself time to savor the experience.I think this book fits perfectly with one of my other favorites that I also savor and read often.  Working On Yourself Doesn't Work by Ariel and Shya Kane is a practical guide on finding and keeping lasting fulfillment.  Both books allowed me to see life from a totally unique perspective, but the Kanes' book has been the catalyst for a transformational shift into a life I never would have thought possible. Do yourself a favor and get both books and enjoy them.  Your experience of life will be richer for having done so.
Compared it to works like &#34;Tarantula&#34; by Bob Dylan. Purchased this time as a gift, it was received with praise per its current cover
I didn't really know what to expect when I purchased this. I knew only that it was a well-regarded book, and that it was said to be full of wisdom.What I found was a story that was easy to read. There are few words per page, covering the sayings of a wise man as he speaks to those around him. There is a kind of poetry in the words, but not the kind that is difficult to understand. The insights were both familiar and refreshing. It made me reconsider my notions of all aspects of life, although it was less a spiritual revolution than a gentle awakening.I bought the hardcover. It is small and sits easily in one hand. The pages are made from a rich-feeling, textured paper that feels nice to the fingertips. And the text is printed in spacious and easy to read letters. Throughout the book are scattered drawings that Kahlil Gibran made. I like them. I feel they add to the experience of reading this book, although I can't quite put my finger on the reason.While spiritual, it does not, as far as I could tell, convey any beliefs specific to any religion or even assume a readily recognizable god. Gibran says, "... the wind speaks not more sweetly to the giant oaks, than to the least of all the blades of grass." (pp 27-28)  The notion of god that emerges from these pages is of a pervasive connectedness or oneness with nature and the universe.
As the author of a spiritually-themed book entitled "The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude," I appreciate any book that opens the doors to spiritual understanding. There are few contemporary books that will do this for you in such a poetic way.This is a book containing eternal truths. It was given to me as a high school graduation present many years ago. At the time, I found it beautiful, but I couldn't understand it. That is because I hadn't experienced life.Selections from this book were read at my wedding. The sections on love speak of what it is truly about. Most of us never have an inkling of what true love is since we are caught up in a world of attachment to illusions and delusions. This book will help you to break through them.This is a classic that will stand the mark of time such as the Bible has done. Kahlil Gibran is an old soul who speaks in a language that can be embraced by people of any faith.The book is filled with metaphors and parables. It is almost as if Jesus himself is speaking through the author. Whether or not you will be able to comprehend what the author is speaking about, The Prophet will plant seeds that can bear good fruit.Davis Aujourd'hui, author of "The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude"
The Prophet is a must read for anyone who is on a path of self discovery.  Kahlil's words touched me on such a deep soul level I felt compelled to share my experience.  A message delivered eloquently by a man who lived long before my time.  I was left speechless as I read how he described much of what I apply in my own life journey today.  These pearls of wisdom have carried forward many generations to the here and now.  Simple guidance - a simple message...very profound.
I have owned this book, in one shape or another, for almost forty years. Not once, have I opened it, that it didn't speak to some situation I was facing at the time.I have gifted this book to many people over the years and never had someone not tell me that it helped them in some form.I keep two, so I can give one away, and have one for me. While I order another!
This is one of few versions of this book which was available through Amazon Prime, which included all the normal book  contents.  Check my other reviews to help you identify the two of 5 that I ordered which were incomplete!  The true, real book is wondweful and you need one, but make sure you don't order or give one as a gift, which is incomplete.DanC
This is a book I wanted in my library. My original copy is yellowed and worn. This is the one book (other than the Bible) that I continue to re-read.
The Prophet is an elegant and beautifully crafter piece of art that eloquently states Universal Truths concerning all pertinent aspects of ourlive.  These include love, death, justice, art, etc.  It's divine poetr that could have only been inspired by the creator of this magnificent world.Highly recommended.
I thought it was an excellent book. It had a lot of truth about life. I did truly enjoy it.
I have this entire series in the original, but nothing is quite so good as this one. A wise master is leaving the city. As he departs, the crowd shouts out for him to impart his knowledge. "Teach us about love, education, power, knowledge, etc" they cry. A simple plot for the organization of timeless wisdom.
I had this book before and lost it when I moved and I just love it touches my soul and gives me perspective on life.
" When you are joyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which has given you sorrow is that giving you joy. When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight."  G. K. Gibran, The ProphetThe Prophet:Gibran's best-known work, The Prophet, is a collection of poetic essays, which became more popular with the rise of American New Age movement during the 1960s. Since its first publication in 1923, The Prophet has never been out of print. It was translated into more than twenty languages, and became one of the twentieth century best selling books, in the United States. The Prophet evoked the journey of the Promeathian exile, he called Al Mustafa (the Chosen One, one of Islam's prophet favorite adjectives). Gibran added to the work, a separate work he had attached to the story of Al Mustafa. Gibran has later linked the roots of his poetic collection to a work he wrote as a teenager in Arabic.Quote from The Prophet, Self-knowledge:*Your hearts know in silence the secrets of the days and the nights.But your ears thirst for the sound of your heart's knowledge.You would know in words that you have always known in thought.You would touch with your fingers the naked body of your dreams.*And it is well that you should.The hidden well-spring of your soul must needs rise and run murmuring to the sea; and the treasure of your infinite depths would be revealed to your eyes.But let there be no scales to weigh your unknown treasure;And seek not the depths of your knowledge with staff or sounding line.For self is a sea boundless and measureless.G. Khalil Gibran, 1883-1931:I encountered Gibran as a young kid, even before appreciating Arabic poetry. I was then amazed by the beauty of his art and the romance of his expression, in 'The Prophet.' I read him, later in Arabic, before I realized how the Lebanese emigrant poet has touched the Western hearts. Gibran's collection of early stories, parables and poetic prose, were written in Arabic before his works were translated into English, earning him the nickname 'the Shelly of the Orient.' Many Arabic speaking intelligentsia, including my dad thought he has qualified, before Naguib Mahfouz was elected, to have been the first Nobel Laureate Arabic writer !Classic Book Reviews:"It is Gibran's gift to us, as well, for Gibran's prophet is rivaled in his wisdom only by the founders of the world's great religions. --his words have a power and lucidity that in another era would surely have provoked the description "divinely inspired."  Brian Bruya"His power came from some great reservoir of spiritual life else it could not have been so universal and so potent, but the majesty and beauty of the language with which he clothed it were all his own."  Claude BragdonPROPHET: LIFE AND TIMES OF KAHLIL GIBRAN
Okay I know that Gibhran is supposed to be corny and cliched and assosciated with the hippy movement of the 60's.It does not mean that he also isn't still relevant to anyone seeking answers to what life is about. The set up is simple - as a prophet takes his leave of the people with whom he has stayed for many years, he is asked a series of questions, "tell us of friendship, of love, of work, of death". And to each question the prophet provides an answer.For me the message that the prophet provides is that life is not easy and that the greatest joys can only be achieved by risking and enduring great sorrow.But that is only what I took from Gibran and his prophet. Read and take your own message from his words.
_The Prophet_ is a short read (my copy checks in at just under 100 pages), but its berevity belies both the power and beauty of Gibran's words.  At its simplest, it is a discourse on the human condition: love, work, joy and sorrow, crime and punishment, reason and passion, Gibran runs the gamut of emotion and being, laying bare the paradox of who we are as human beings.  While the tone is somewhat mystical (which I didn't really care for), the sheer poetic beauty of his writing moved me.For example, in the chapter "Love", Gibran writes, "... When love beckons to you, follow him, / Though his ways are hard and steep, / And when his wings enfold you yield to him, / Though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you. / And when he speaks to you believe in him, / ... For even as love crowns you so shall he crucify you.  Even as he is for you growth so is he for your pruning. ..."  The contrast, vivid metaphor and beautiful images were stunning and left me with much to think and reflect on about my own life, and the choices I've made.  It would be going too far to say that, as a result of reading "The Prophet" I've had an epiphany or (to take it to a ridiculous conclusion) some sort of a conversion.  Rather it has caused me to consider on a philosophical level what it is to be human means to me, and how I have demonstrated my "human-ness" in my life.Part poetry, part philosophy, it is simultaneously thought-provoking and emotional.  Undeniably readers will have a visceral reaction (although, apparently given the reviews of some, not all reactions are positive.)  Highly recommended, if only to cause one to examine their own life.  After all, "the unexamined life is not worth living."
The Prophet is about a mysterious religious thinker who is about to leave for his native land.  Before he goes, many people have just one question to ask him.  In a very few words, he tells them his accumulated wisdom primarily in a nondenominational way.  The only exceptions come in the references to rebirth.  The essence of each brief lesson is that we have to step outside of our own perspective to see things in the way that God does and wants us to.Let me give you an example.  When someone transgresses either man's laws or God's laws, we tend to condemn the person harshly and focus on punishment.  This is like treating the person as though they have fallen below some level of what it is still to be human.  Yet no one does anything worse than what some person has done wrong before and will do wrong again.Surely, our reaction should still focus, like a Mother's, on the fundamental humanness of the person and our desire to have the person be a contributing, loving, and helpful part of our community.Another way to think about the lessons of The Prophet is to notice that nature loves a balance.  If we interfere with nature, nature overreacts in some new way that counters our interference.  This happens when we put too much phosphate into lakes.  Algae blooms expand exponentially to eat the phosphate.  These lessons help us to see the balance that is missing in our initial reaction.A good parallel can be found in the study of the brain.  Our initial reactions when frightened or threatened are focused in the oldest parts of the brain.  This part of the brain triggers strong chemicals to be released that engage us in &quot;fight or flight&quot; reactions that can save our lives in the near-term.  In the &quot;civilized&quot; world, we often have these reactions just to stress.  Gibran is helping us move to our highest level of consciousness by choosing our reactions, and selecting reactions that integrate all parts of our brains plus our near- and long-term best interests as individuals and as a community.Many Eastern religions encourage one to become free of the conscious mind, and that sense of objectivity is captured nicely here.  I have a feeling much like when meditating while I read The Prophet, because of its calming influence on my overreactive senses.I also think of this perspective like being on the Moon and observing the circumstances on Earth through a telescope.  With such extreme distance should come detachment from the ego, to permit good thinking.But none of these perspectives are directly suggested or alluded to.  The moral lessons are simply there, with the briefest possible examples to make them clear.  As such, they are masterpieces of good thinking, moral ethics, and fine communication.The answers are so brief and so profound that you will want to discuss them.  I suggest you select another member of your family, or a group of people from your house of worship.  The lessons are best explored by discussing tangible situations that you face every day.  Certainly, it is desirable and appropriate to consider the direct teachings of your religious heritage and beliefs in this connection.Whenever you feel overwhelmed, turn to the page in The Prophet that addresses your issue.  Like taking a warm bath, you will be soothed by the love for humanity in the answers Gibran provides.Before you speak, ask yourself who is about to speak for you and what do they want.
I love this book and have had several over the years--everyone should have a copy. I refer to it often, and am very pleased with this book recently purchased through Amazon.
Khalil Gibran's book, The Prophet, has the power to transform the darkest feeling of pain in your heart into great release. What a blessing that it exists. Each passage touches on a deep and universal topic (marriage, friendship, etc).  The words, spoken profoundly and clearly from the mouth of the mystic and insightful prophet, who has nothing but words of wisdom to impart to those who gather around him, is a truly life affirming and transformative experience.  Please read this today. It will give you insight on the sacred aspects of all life choices and experiences that exist in the world.
I have drawn wisdom and counsel from the Prophet for years - I bought this copy to pass on to a young co-worker. It is a great gift for those sensitive ones who are struggling to find their way in life.
Jubran Kahlil Jubran had a teacher make a mistake on his name and wrote down 'Kahlil Gibran' as when he arrived here from Lebanon which was still part of the Ottoman Empire he went by Gibran Kahlil Gibran. His poetry is as timeless as his view towards life and the world at large - everyone was his friend! One passage  &#34;Half of what I say is meaningless, but I say it so that the other half may reach you&#34; was used by John Lennon in the white album on a tune called &#34;Julia &#34;.
I plan to buy 3 more copies from Amazon, for my departing son & distant friends.Last night, I made a mad dash to get a copy of this book, ten minutes before the book store closed; because I couldn't find my old one.  I had been trying unsuccessfully for weeks to send out an SOS to a life-long friend whose comforting presence I really needed, even if just by phone.  Long, sun-lit walks through my beautiful neighborhood lined with 100+ year old oaks, magnolias, elms, and maple trees, did not make me feel any better.  At home, the news is only reporting the political and ecomonic turmoil going on world-wide, or the Oscars; the latter which I could care less about.  It was a very sad and loney moment.Back in Miami I would naturally hit the beach, or watch the ocean from my balcony and forget the world.  So, in desperation, I jumped in my vehicle, hit the book store, and called on the wisdom of Mr. Gibran.  I sipped a glass of red, kicked back on my couch, and slowly read aloud each blessed passage on all the areas of life and the challenges they can present.  I don't know why, but this book always makes me cry at the beginning and smile at the end.  In little over an hour I'd read slowly through each page, and felt 100% better.On physical inspection, this would be the student slackers paradise book report choice.  But don't be so easily deceived, because this book packs more useful information than any 50-pound college textbook, without the endless verbage of a 1,000 page Russian novel.It is small, the paper of good weight and quality (the ones I always purchase, at least), the print is big and the illustrations done by Mr. Gibran are simple yet humana and divinical.  The words are brief and powerful, comforting and idiot-proof.  Perfect healing food for the love-starved yet attention-deficit crazy world we now live in.  I was first given this book by a friend, as a departing gift for a 7,000 land/sea voyage, back in 1983.I hope to be there for my friend should he ever need me.  I sent this book to him as my comforting presence.
I'm happy to report a smooth transaction for the book I purchased. The condition was as advertised and the shipping was prompt and accurate.
the subjects are timeless. i especially love the reflections about children, marriage and love. in order to be understood the book should be digested slowly and thoughtfully.
Excellent  book
The greatest book ever written by  a man of deep understanding of  faith.  Before I came to believe  this book was my holy book of life.  Read it slow and study it.  There is also a CD Narrated by Richard Harris  word for word  I have the album , cd ,  book and have given copies of this to people I care deeply about for many years.
I stumbled onto this book, and it opened my mind and began my process of becoming aware.Then I went across country to collect my deceased Grandmother's belongings. One item was this book. I opened the the cover and saw that Grandma had lent it out to her friends and they all had signed it. One person who had signed it was my Mom, who had died years before before my Grandma. I'm going to buy it for my little arrow now. 4th generation of passing it on.
Wisdom for life-- a true manual to help you on your spiritual journey. I think Gibran has peered into the human heart, mind,and soul. His advice is profound...
I gifted it to my son who enjoyed it as much as I did when I was in college many years ago!
writing this review due to how interesting the book was.solitary life of a profit going from place to place educating the world on what hes learned and needed to tell them.  Up till I read this book I had an entirely different image of what I profit even is.I like the perspective this book gave me.I also very much enjoyed the flow of the story.  Well worth the read.
Being raised both Lutheran and Catholic, I knew religion, prayer, the tenets, etc. Sang in choirs and even taught religion from high school through my 30's. But it wasn't till I read "The Prophet" by Kahlil Gibran did I find spirituality and the serenity/peace within me, even in the midst of chaos. His writings taught me to slow down and listen in silence to the inner whisperings of my soul where I found "me". Each individual passage is a life lesson, so eloquently written, and yet so simple in belief that you gain and accept your "self" -- your destiny in this earthly adventure. You'll find that you will pick it up often, no matter what your beliefs or situation/need, for it will give you the answers you seek until you know them so well, it almost will become a way of life -- the inner peace to deal with even the most tragic of circumstances. When my young husband unexpectedly died, the passage on DEATH was such a comfort. In memory of him, I have given each of the brothers, sisters, daughters and granddaughters a copy, to know the way of life by the right path which he led by virtually every passage as a man of incredible character, and greatly honored in both life and death. And this earthly life can't get any better than that.  KAHLIL GIBRAN  THANK YOU !
The cover was good and sturdy as well as the binding. Price was very reasonable. Given that it is an old book, the pages were in very good condition, no tears and folds. Delivery was prompt.I am glad to have made this purchase!
I read this book many years ago, It is a book that should be on ones book shelf to read often. It takes several readings to get to the heart of his deep writings of philosophy. Glad I replaced the one I lost.
This is an amazing book of poetry...even if it is written more like prose.  It is definitely one of my favorite books and I think that Gibran defines what the word poetry means in his writing of this book.  Definitely written with the divine hand.  I like it better than Rumi or Hafiz.
I have loved this book for forty years, both the written version and the audio (Richard Harris narrating I believe) with orchestral accompaniment. This new format only increases its accessibility.
When Gibran was first introduced to me, I had definite doubts that his work would be the ordinary, grab a dictionary sort of read. But when you first open to those sections that apply to you, and listen to the words as they roll off of your tongue and dance in your ears, well, shock is the only word for it. Yes, the ideals and beliefs that he expresses in 'The Prophet' may not be anything new as far as philosophy is concerned, but the perfect blend of brilliant poetry and this simple philosophy come together to make something that is indeed, unique. I've purchased countless copies to the ones that I know will love and understand his words. And if for nothing else, Kahlil's work can be labeled as truly, a literary work of art.
I recieved this book the first time I met my father when I was a teenager. It is a gift I hold dear to this day over 30 years later. It is thought provoking. The truths are as relevant today as they were in the early 1970s.
Reading the beautiful thoughts of Kahlil Gibran brings my thought back in line with Truth.
Kahlil Gibran - touchs the heart, the soul and the mind.Beautiful words that comfort and guide.If only more people would read his work, if you can call it work,Wonderful writing but the publisher (as many seem to do these days) get very artisticand print too faintly -  the letters are pale grey and very difficult to read.It isn't the writing it's the publisher at fault.The printers should realize that the entire purpose of the printed word isto let people READ it.
This was purchased as a gift to a friend who had just lost a dear friend and I was pleased that she found as much comfort in his words as I, and my family, have for many years.  A must have for any  home library.
I bought this book to give to a friend to help her through a difficult time in her life.  She appreciated it and said it helps to read the areas of the book that is appropriate to her situation.
I have been reading and re-reading this book since the age of 12. It is always a pleasure to give it to someone as a gift, which I have done numerous times over the years.
I have read this book, every year for about 20 years,in my opinion it is one of the greatest books ever written.EXCELLENT BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was given a copy of THE PROPHET in 1945 when I entered the army as a teenager in the closing year of the second World war.  The little &quot;shirt pocket edition&quot; I carried with me in those army years sits today on my bookshelf, and now  provides its inspiration and guidance on those days when my contemplative mood reminds to listen, again, to the poetry and love of this timeless author.  Give this book that Gibran may give to those you love, as he has done, for so many years, to millions, worldwide.Frank Ferguson
From the time I opened this book, I have been captivated by it and it has never quit my bag since then. I always have it with me and whenever I want to, I take it and read the passage I need to remember to face the questions in my mind or problems I can encounter in my life. It has became my  &quot;bible&quot; in a sense. Of course, it is not the only one, but it  might be one of the book that I love the most. I discovered it in a painful  part of my life and it helped me to get out of my messy mind. It really  touched my heart and I think it is a book that should be read by everybody.  This is with that kind of thinking that the world we live in can be changed  and become a peaceful place. Thanks so much Khalil!
Those that I stared I have and would recommend to others.  Payne did an excellent job of describing the market for on who hasn't a financial background.  Have enjoyed the prophet (book) for years and the recording of same by Harris I wore out 33rpm vinyl in college and replaced it with cd when it became available.
Gibran touches and unveils to us a place within our hearts which we thirst to seek yet sometimes fail to discover.
A WONDERFUL BOOK FULL OF BEAUTY MEANT TO BE READ OVER AND OVER.YOU WILL NEED QUIET AROUND YOU TO LET ALL HIS WORDS ABSORB.
The language is poetic, but it is not poetry.  It works as prose poetry, in fact some of the best in English.  That is probably because Gibran somewhat mimics the poetry of the King James Version.  Some phrases and turns and images are brilliant.That said, what is the point of this book?  There are some nice things.  "Is not religion all deeds and all reflections....  Who can separate his faith from his actions....  Who can spread his hours before him, saying, 'This is for God and this is for myself; This for my soul, and this other for my body?'"Good point.  There are several such nuggets.  But, you can tell why the hippie-set loved this book: it is spirituality devoid of religion.  Namely, this book can make you feel all "cosmic" without all that pesky Christian morality.  That bit quoted above, it is followed by: "He who wears his morality but as his best garment were better naked."Ah.  See what morals get you.  On crime and punishment, we get this "It Takes a Village" gem: "And as a single leaf turns not yellow but with the silent knowledge of the whole tree, So the wrong-doer cannot do wrong without the hidden will of you all."  See, crime is not the fault of the criminal, it is the fault of society.  "The righteous is not innocent of the deeds of the wicked... Yea, the guilty is oftentimes the victim of the injured."  See, if you self-righteous rich folk didn't oppress the meek poor folk, they wouldn't have to commit crime.I wonder how the injured rape victim victimized her guilty rapist.Generally, the twin credos of "The Prophet" are (1) any path to God is the right path, and (2) if it feels good do it.(1)  Thus, the pluralistic relativism of lines like:"Say not, 'I have found the truth,' but rather, 'I have found a truth.'  Say not, 'I have found the path of the soul.' Say rather, 'I have met the soul walking upon my path.'"Forget that Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me."  (John 14:6, by the way.)  No, no, no.  Many willfully ignore that Jesus said such un-ecumenical things like this.  The hippie-Jesus thinks that there are many paths to God.  The whole "one source, many wells" philosophy.  Don't believe me?  Why do you think the folks at the Jesus Seminar blackballed this very verse (John 14:6)?  "Our great, loving, hippie-Jesus believes that everyone comes to 'god' in his own way!  He would never say that!"  Blackball.  (That last quotation wasn't an actual quote, by the way.)(2)  And, though the nature of the good and evil chapter is tempered by a sort-of "love thy neighbor" philosophy, it still defines "good" not as following Judaeo-Christian morals, or even a "do unto others" prescription, but "You are good when you are one with yourself."If it feels good to you, do it.  Sure, Gibran later seems to warn against unbridled pleasure-seeking, "Pleasure is a freedom-song, But it is not freedom.  It is the blossoming of your desires, But it is not their fruit."  Later,  however, such hedonism is considered a path ("a truth") to God:"Some of your youth seek pleasure as if it were all, and they are judged and rebuked.  I would not judge or rebuke them.  I would have them seek."Thus the paradox of liberalism: the Prophet rebukes you for rebuking those hedons amongst you.  They are only on their path.  "You are so wrong to tell them that they are wrong!"  Ah, relativism!  The problem with unchecked hedonism ("You are good when you are one with yourself," if you prefer) is that mankind always finds some inner reasoning to justify their evil actions.  Man always finds a way to make pleasure-at-any-cost, devoid of anything else, his god.I don't want to seem as if I am some stick in the mud, a prude, or an over-moralizing and self-righteous Christian.  Christian I am, and hedon I sometimes am.  I can get wheat from the chaff out of "The Prophet."  There is much here that is good, and some of it is artfully written.  Some of Gibran's thoughts are even profound.  Still, there is much here that is bad, there is still some shuck on the ear, so to speak.  Sometimes you must take the wrong path which leads you to the right path, but there is just one right path, not several.  Gibran never seems to say that, and, since he was a Lebanese Christian, I find that sad.There is much here to lead you astray.I will not hold it against Gibran that "The Prophet" has inspired numerous imitations of lesser-poetic talent, sad purveyances of even fewer truths.  Yes, I am speaking of (amongst others) the trite, inane cacophonies of Paulo Coelho.And, for those reviewers and readers who think that "The Prophet" is the most poetic, most enlightening, most cosmically spiritual tome of all time: try reading the Psalms in the KJV with an open mind.(Yes.  I invented the word "hedon."  "Hedonist" sounds like a philosophical school, as does "epicurean."  The latter, too, is for an aesthete.  Let's say a hedon is a pleasure-seeker without the philosophy.  A hedon is an unsophisticate.  I probably made up that word too.)
This book is almost as if Kahlil Gibran took the pains and joys of millions of people and somehow managed to encapsulate all these wonders in this one book.  In his own unique manner, Gibran has explored every facet  of human existence.  Although the book has a sacred charm to it, there is a  universal appeal that should allow anyone of any religious persuassion  enjoy this gem of a book. I wouldn't be surprised if a few hundred years  from now some theologians unearth this book and conclude that it was a  bible of our times.
I would definutely recommend this "short" inspirational book to anyone looking for an uplifting reading experience.  He speaks of love, work, friendship, travel and many aspects of life. I loved this book and would definutely recommend it !
What can I say- a friend recomended I get this book.  It turns out it's a classic.  My Mom even has a copy.  It is so prophetic (sorry, I had to say that).  I leave it next to my chair and pick it up from time to time.  I just read a couple of pages, then set it down and think about it.  It gives so much insight into so many areas of our lives.
Each time I read this poetry I see another aspect of life, at 76 I can never stop learning...Particularly loved the piece on children.
It came all the way from the UK and it still got here pretty fast. The book is great too.
this book is written from a very interesting perspective.  though the verbage is dated, which makes this simple book a little more difficult to read, i intend to read it again to more fully grasp what the author is conveying in his masterpiece. good book...
Gibran offers insights into the soul that apply throughout our lives whether the situations be dire and in the past or joyous and arriving in crashing waves with import for the future.
Great book that everyone should read.  Great insight,  and a classic.  You will devour this book over and over again.
Have purchased many in the past like in the 1970'safter I received one as a gift.  I recommend to all ages.
The Prophet is one of the first works of Gibran and after reading his poems and growing up listening to the poems, i loved reading this book. His success became better after writing this book. This books made me visualize how life was back then and made me experience the culture.
Gibran is constantly profound--a fabulous read for any age. Bought this as a gift for my best friend. The cover is lovely, but Gibran's words are what make this book so powerful and haunting.
Residing in my mind are the words of a true poet.  I was given the book THE PROPHET by my best friend when I was young.  It has followed me through my life and has filled me with the emotions and practical thought I needed to guide me through the smooth and rough waters of my life.  I gave this copy of Kahil Gibran's book to a young lady with the hope she will enjoy it the rest of her life.  Thank you Amazon for having this wonderful work of art available to all.
Certainly the words are of Kahlil Gibran, but the eternally PRESENT divine wisdom told through his words is from the source of all sources. Only those who are ready to receive the divine wisdom are destined to read and know the meaning behind the meanings of his words. This is one of the five most valued books that I keep on refering again and again for solace and peace of MYSELF.While writing - or rather while being an instrument to write this book - Kahlil Gibran must have reached the original source of all the knowledge and wisdom available to humankind.Gibran's book is music, poetry, wisdom and truth - all at the same time!I salute Kahlil Gibran for giving us the &quot;THE PROPHET&quot;.
I evidently misread the writeup, I thought it was a hardback.  It was a cheap paperback.  I got it as a present so I couldn't send it back but I'm very dissapointed for the cost!
This book is a classic alot of life lessons. I even love that it has several misprints in it. The book arrived very quickly
If there were more than five stars, this book would surely deserve it.  This book is the paradigm of wisdom, humility, and grace.  This is my favorite book on my shelf, and I would recommend this book to anyone.  Truly, if Gibran was a religion, The Prophet would be my Bible.  Never has  inspiration hit me with such velocity as reading this book.
It has helped to replace the many dysfunctional premises my sociopathic parents modeled! This is a book with a popularity which continues to grow at phenomenal rates! I had to buy this version since I'd lost my original classic one. There certainly NEED to be more Half Price Book Stores here in CA!!! I got spoiled by having 3-4 in Dallas alone!
I was given this book by a writer friend who called it &quot;the most beautiful book I've ever read.&quot; So, since she and I have similar literary tastes, I was inclined to read it. This little book, written in a rich, colorful, deep, and wise poetic style, is full of some of the most moving and impressive spiritual phrases and messages I've ever read. It was written in 1923 but its poetry and wisdom are timeless.David Rehakauthor of &quot;Poems From My Bleeding Heart&quot;
As Amin Rihani described his own friend Gibran, Gibran's style of writing is just &#34;mawkish sentimentalism&#34;. Yes, sentimentalism, and that is all Gibran is all about. For most Americans' taste, this guy is just pasty! And who can stomach that!
I have not read the book from cover to cover but read snippets and what I've read so far is uplifting and enlightening
Gibran, although I'm sure getting ideas from other, more ancient sources, has some very interesting thoughts in this book, worth giving them a thought of your own.
His reflect the depth of our wisdom with beauty and a poetic tone that renews hope and revives optimism. A humbling yet empowering transformative read.
This is the second book by this author I've read. It gives insights into our every day lives. I found a lot of quotations I'd like to post on the walls in the classroom where I teach. All the writings of K. Gibran carry a deeply spiritual information. His teachings are very tightly intertwined with Christian values. I highly recommend this book to understand and open our knowledge of Christian Religion all over the world.
In this book Kahlil Gibran offers a real treasure to parents that hope to bring their children the best of life. As simple as that.
The Prophet is a poetic, in some aspects, means of viewing life.  Kahlil Gibran was able to draw on various aspects of life and compile a take that is, in some senses, new and appreciable.
I usually don't like getting books that I did not ask for. When someone buys a book for me, there is a certain obligation to actually read it, but doing so takes away time from the books I really want to read. There are so many books on my reading list and so little time to read them all that getting an unasked-for book feels like someone actually stealing from me: stealing valuable reading time.In the case of *The Prophet,* however, I did not resent the choice of my benefactor, even though I had not asked for it.First of all, it was a very quick read, consisting of twenty-nine poetic speeches by the fictional "prophet." He delivers them as his last word on various topics, since he is about to head back home after having lived in a foreign city for twelve years, and the people ask him to speak on all the important issues that touch on human life: family, food, work, emotions, economics, social problems, art, morality, spirituality, death, etc.On most of these issues, the prophet takes what might be called an Eastern stance. He stresses the importance of "letting go" rather than "taking charge," whether it's in relationship to your children, conflict situations, or the end of your life.I did not find it necessary, however, to fully agree with this Eastern outlook to appreciate the book, both for its poetic beauty and for inspiring thoughts. For whatever your own worldview, a degree of "letting go" is an art we can all learn.- Jacob Schriftman, Author ofJob's Wager: An Alternative to Pascal's Wager and the Atheist's Wager (With Color Illustrations)
this book is a small version of the original. I ordered it and when I opened it I was very disappointed to find that it is not the industry standard that I knew. Then I went back to see if I missed something about the size in the description, but could not find any reference to it. On a positive note, Amazon's return policy is amazing. Immediate Credit when informed of the problem and the return shipping was very easy.
Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet is a book that has touched many people very deeply since it's publishing in 1923.  It has been translated into more than twenty languages, and the American edition alone has sold more than four million copies.  It is considered both by Gibran himself, and by the general public to be his literary masterpiece.  The Story is about a prophet leaving a town, and as he leaves he imparts some of his knowledge to the towns people.  Gibran himself was born in Lebanon in 1883.  He was a poet, artist, and philosopher.  His fame and influence has spread through the world, superceding linguistic and cultural barriers.  His poetry has been translated into more than twenty languages, and his drawings and paintings have been distributed and showcased all around the world.  In the last twenty years of his life he lived in the United States, and began to write in English.  The book The Prophet was written during this time period.  His words and pictures change the way that people look at life, and people find them to be an expression of the deepest impulses of man's heart and mind.  The Prophet is about a man who is leaving a small town called Orphalese where he has made his home for the past twelve years.  He has, for that time period, been waiting for a boat to take him back to the land of his youth.  We are not told where that land is, only that he has been waiting to return there for twelve years.  The entire book occurs on the date of his departure.  As he is about to leave, the townsfolk stop him in the town and request that he tell them about certain things.  He talks to them about life's lessons and imparts his wisdom to them.  He is asked about giving, and he tells the people to give without recognition, because their reward is their own joy.  He also talks about things like marriage, work, friendship and also love.  He speaks about each, and more, describing the way that people should deal with each issue.  This book is an interesting book.  It is ninety-three pages of life's lessons set down in writing.  These are words to live by, and tell others to live by.  This book is certainly a book that everyone should read.  Even if people don't agree with some of the beliefs, they should still read the book, if only to get their mind thinking about life, and it's many quandaries from a different perspective.  This book is not unlike the musings of an aging man imparting his life's lessons to an audience of just about anyone whom he can gather to listen to him.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It's lessons and stories are wise beyond the ages, and still hold up to be as true today as they were when Gibran wrote them in 1923.  The lessons enumerated within this pages are lessons that one would hope were followed by the general population, and I know that if more people read this book, then the world as a whole might become a more easily survivable place.
I purchased under the recommendation of Oprah but this was a mistake I wish I didn't do. Didn't really understand the whole book.
This is a book that can be re visited at any time , it brings Wisdom and a perspective all of its own !Is truly deep and meaningful and never dates .  I wonder what sort of a brain can bring up this kind of wisdominto every day life and find the right words to help you along the path of everyday living .I love especially the Chapter and section about Love and the suggestion that we love better whilst giving each other the freedom of space ,  let there be spaces between our love .  Once has to let the other have spaces .This is correct and makes for a better and different way of loving .You must read this book if you havent already .  Truly full of wisdom and insight .
The Prophet dispenses ultimate wisdom to his loved ones as he bids fare well.Khalil Gibran defines all that I never had words to define, or more appropriately, did not have the good sense to define.  I discovered this book a while back and took a long time to read it since I refused to rush through it.  I read it a lesson at a time, understanding it to the best of my ability.I found a way of life in these words.  I could read it everyday and each time these words would dispense a new lesson... like a never ending treasure.
I am happy to add Gibran's classic work to my personal collection.  Recommended reading for everyone.  Book arrived in perfect condition.
Truly a classic of world literature, Gibran has snatched a chunk of wisdom from the ether--from and for the ages--and fashioned it into a masterwork.
This work still holds up decades later. Every reflective, thoughtful person should have The Prophet in the home library. It can be read one chapter at a time. The chapter on love is as good as anything I've ever read.
This is an excellent short book of inspirational fiction by one of the best poets of all-time. I especially love the artistic cover of this well made paperback edition.
I didnot care for this edition too hard to keep open to read.  There are so many other editions I could have bought, but price right
I ordered a new copy for my son for Father's Day, but received a used copy with writing in it.  I returned it.
This book is poetic myth,a work of beauty,whose every word drips a truth,and a thought of knowledge.Reading it is like swimming in realitybut a reality I have not known,till now.Kahlil Kahlil Gibran knew something we did not,he shared a bit of the wonder of simplicity.Though this is merely the preaching of a Prophet,Gibran is able to turn it into story,and I feel from the gut for all the characters.The Prophet is unsurpassed in form,in content best when speaking of beauty,in ways I had never known,and weakest when speaking of prayer.Certainly Gibran relies on the story of Jesus,and throughout there are allusions to his wordsand actions.But this is a new prophet,who speaks the words of old,though it be in new wineskin.
I read the prophet for the first time in the 70's.As a poet and writer, this book has had a tremendousinfluence on me. Kahlil Gibran is without a doubtone of the most talented thinkers and writers I have ever read.So deep was his influence that 15 years laterI named my first born Kahlil Gibran.Over the years, I have owned at least 20 copies of this book,and have given them all away to people I treasured.Read this book, and then sit and think about what was said;you will find yourself a better person.
I am enjoying this book very much. I don't mind the small size as I can slip it into my pocketbook without a problem. I will be reading this over and over.
The Prophet is a work of poetry, not in the sense that its goal is to rhyme or to cleverly match cadence and syllable counts between fragmented sentences, as most works of poetry seem aimed towards, but rather because it is simply written artfully.  It isn't clever, it isn't witty; rather, there is simply a deepness to it that can literally surround the reader.  There is no need for artifice or embellishment because the work is simply genuine, elegant, and powerful enough to transport the reader not to another -&gt;place&lt;-, but to another -&gt;state&lt;-.  Yes, it is a work of spiritual poetry.  Personally, I think that adds to the appeal, though one need not be interested in metaphysics or so called new age philosophy to enjoy it.  Regardless of one's perspective, it is very difficult not to find The Prophet a beautiful book.
I keep a copy of this book nearby at all times for quick reference, my personal copy home to numerous marks and marginal notes.  Every line reads as the most delicate of poetry, honed and refined to the purest and most undeniable words of truth and wisdom.This may be the height of human understanding, bringing a peace and solidarity which encompasses the many to make us all one.
Gibran's masterpiece takes the reader on a journey through life. A journey and how-to guide on being. Topically discussed, the importance of being is threaded intricately through this joyful and proverbial poem of wisdom gained and experience learned. Gibran unravels the dichotomies of joy and sorrow, wealth and poverty, life and death and many others. This poem is a must read on any spiritual journey, regardless of religion, denomination or sect.
A dear friend of mine bought me a copy of this book a few weeks ago while we were in a book store together.  Inside the front cover she wrote the words, &quot;never leave home without it&quot;.  I thumbed through the book that evening, finding myself caught on passage after passage, and to this day I tuck it carefully into my bag as I leave the house every day.Divided into books or chapters by topic, each only a few pages long but full of remarkable insight and understanding, the book reads almost in parables.  The individual sections are held together by the narrator, a man leaving a village he has lived in for years to return home.  The book is written as his observations on the lives of the villagers.I find myself returning almost daily to a few selected chapters, and the few minutes it takes to refresh them in my mind are well worth it.  If you've come far enough to find this review and the others alongside it, you owe it to yourself to find a copy of this book.
I would buy from this seller again.Kahlil Gibran was a genius. "The Prophet" uses a lot of old English, but is still an easy/quick read. I can see why this book has been translated into dozens of different languages. - Definitely words to live by. A poet.
I was given this book as a high school graduation gift and I have found it to be the book I look to in hard times as well as good times, for advise, inspiration, hope and words of wisdom.  I highly recommend it.
This is a book about life and the way it should be...!  Keep this book with your bible...
I have given this book to young missionaries and other special people in my life for 25 years. They almost without exception express profound gratitude for the wonderment that is &quot;The Phrophet&quot;. As thier  lives progress,understanding peace,joy,and personal wellness are the gifts  so richly endowed by this master teacher to the reader. Each writing gains  more meaning as life is experienced and enjoyed.  I encourage you to read  and share your best discoveries in this life with others. Each topic  re-read, like &quot;on Work&quot; in this book sends you on a magical  journey to the center of your soul.  Sometimes just thinking and musing is  all that is required to understand the gifts given. Kahil Gibran's  &quot;The Prophet&quot; is a wonderful gift that lasts a lifetime.
Not to be bossy, but EVERYONE should own a copy of Gibran's "The Prophet."  Divided up into sections, ranging from "Joy and Sorrow" to "Death" to "Love" to "Crime and Punishment", this book is a one-stop-shop for all that we encounter on this journey we call life.  Although it may take reading it a time or two to digest and truly understand Gibran's words, the message that he delivers resonates and strikes a cord with every single person with which I have shared this masterpiece.
The Prophet was given to me when I was 16 years old.  As I grew to love and understand it,  I made it a guideline for my development. It became my standard gift for my good friends weddings and Birthdays.  I have loaned my copy out and not get it back, numerous times.  Now I am 78 years old and am having to replace it again.  Never have I found it so easy to buy and recieve.  Thank You,  Jean Logsdon
Easy read. Interesting book. I bought this book on a chance of luck & really enjoyed it. I recommend it to everyone.
This is a book you can read and re-read many many times.Great and timeless thoughts about relationships, love andfriendship.  I will share this with my family. :)Jeffrey C. McAndrewauthor of &quot;Our Brown Eyed Boy&quot;
I ordered this book from overseas and it arrived in a timely fashion to my APO address. It arrived as shown on the Amazon website. I am very happy with the speed and condition of the book. I would definitely order from this vendor again.
A beautiful, timeless little book, full of philosophical wisdom, which can be read multiple times throughout one's life.
This piece of literature promises enlightenment but fails to deliver.  Though the transient prophet indeed speaks eloquently and his words inspire deep reflection, they fail to impart true understanding.  The initial discourse on love is riveting but what follows quickly descends into empty rhetorical musings which continue until the bitter end.  The most entertaining aspect of this book is the artful use of language which almost masks the fact that the prophet indeed speaks but says nothing.
Gibran reveals the fundamental optimism that shapes the rest of his thinking in his response to one of the city judges:&quot;Like the ocean is your god-self;It remains for ever undefiled.And like the ether it lifts but the winged.Even like the sun is your god-self;It knows not the ways of the mole nor seeks it the holes of the serpent.&quot;This belief in a holy inner spiritual component of every man provides the foundation of such assertions as the moral nondistinction between criminal and victim. This may all sound good, but in practice has little to do with what we observe in the world around us (and is completely unworkable both individually and in society!)The traditional Christian view, boring though it may at first seem, is that there is no perfect holiness within us; rather, we holistic unities of imperfection and rebellion. Granted, we consist of both material and immaterial substance, but the material and immaterial are inseperable except by death. Gibran deals with the rational problems arising from his irreconcilable view of the sprit versus the world by, of course, positing reincarnation upon us.Christian theology deals with all the issues addressed by Gibran, but without making us all out to be God. And without relying on the terrible concept of reincarnation (the only thing I can think of that would be worse than enduring a lifetime of suffering would be to endure an endless procession of lifetimes of suffering). Sure, there are many wonderful, truthful passages in this book, but nobody should make the mistake of assuming it to be inspired. So let the reader beware!
The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran is a book that's been around for a while. There are many passages in the book and many basic topics on marriage, children, friendship, work and pleasure, which will touch you in one form or another.
like poetry then buy ityou don't like poetry then buy iti recommend itits a great book, my favorite book
This is an amazing read. His words just flow with his metaphors. Highly recommend this book to anyone who is searching for answers.
Excellent - this is one of my favorites since i discovered it in college.This is just the ebook version for convenience.Highly recommended.
After reading The Profit half a dozen times, I consider it the closest thing to my personal bible.  Gibran's pragmatic spiritual philosophies are practically undebatable, and he doesn't miss a beat.  If you want to gain insight on the meaning of life and learn how to live a fulfilled and happy existence, be sure to pick up this gem.
This is a classic of world literature.  Everyone with a poet's heart, a lover's heart, a philosopher's heart, a dancer's heart, a parent's heart, a leader's heart, or simply who enjoys beauty found in life's joys and sorrows, this book is simply the best.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS BOOK FROM Amazon.com LLC . I ordered this book earlier in the week with Amazon Prime for a going away gift. I received the book today. The party is tomorrow. Half of the book sleeve seems to have been cut off with an exacto knive, also leaving gashes in the book cover. The packaging was fine. I could return it but it wouldn't come back before tomorrow. Spend extra and use another seller.
I was in my twenties when I first read The Prophet.  I am now 65.  The Prophet has grown in the depth of its content as I have been able to understand more deeply.  This book, I believe, has the meaning of the holy writings of all the great religions.  As you read, decide if all these writings do hold the same great truths.
A book to be treasured. A tremendous poet dealing mostly with Christianity and spiritual love. His insights on topics of life are to be cherished. I have read his treasured poems many times and brightened the lives of others by sharing. This book was highly inspiring during my emotional spiritual journey to discover my biological roots. I listed The Prophet as a key reference source in my book Adoption Detective: Memoir of an Adopted Child.Judith Land, AuthorAdoption Detective: Memoir of an Adopted Child
Ordered this book for my Paperwhite Kindle as it is so much easier to read on the Paperwhite. My eyes are not the best suffering as I do with macular degeneration and this ability to now read without distress has given me a completely new lease of life. Thank you.
I read it in an hour. Kahlil Gibran is definitely the people's philosopher. The book itself seems to be written on impulse, and the author knows what the modern world is looking for. The context is powerful and sensitive, and more than anything it's the truth.
I had made the mistake of seeing the hardcover with the emblem as depicted in the item photo, however I failed to read the dimensions, not realizing this WASN'T the miniature copy I had hoped for.Regardless of my own error, this is an amazing read and was in great condition.
I had read this many years ago, and had forgotten how truly inspirational "The Prophet" was. Poetic,yes;deeply moving ditto. Thought provoking? definitely.  This is a classic that I'm now very happy to own.
This is the 20th copy of the prophet that I have purchased. I usually keep copies on hand in case it comes up in conversation that someone has not read it.
The book is not as described; the cover is not the book I ordered; the price is not what I agreed to.  It definitely is not a book I love - in the condition I cannot give it to a friend.
The book was actually in better shape than I had expected, considering that the book is from 1947!!! A very good deal!!!! :) Thanx alot!!! :)
this book is so thought provoking. it is beautifully written. I can't put it down once I start reading it.
A very profound, deeply insightful and moving experience! One of my two favorite books of all times. No matter how often you read it, you find something new, some new insight, some amazing revelation, some word of consolation, another stunning example of wordcraft. A masterpiece! Inspired! This book should not be on a book shelf in the library, office or study, but on the bedside table, and the audiobook  -- on your Ipod.
My husband and I had readings from The Prophet at our wedding and when we renewed our vows at 25 years. We give this book to each child in our extended family as he or she comes of age, hoping the very practical advice about personal attitude will take and help them build a good life.
Gibran gets right down to the bedrock of what it is all about.  He was obviously a very enlightened man, and The Prophet is so completely, psychologically and spiritually healthy. Anyone who would not consider this work a standard for healthy living, is simply simple-minded.  This book should be offered to all high school students as a guide in gaining perspective on what is really important in life.  I first read The Prophet about 10 years ago, and I typically read it about once a year, just to remind myself.  However, I gave my copy to my son who showed signs of being &quot;at risk&quot; at age 17.  I believe the book had a significant, positive impact on him, and he is now 20 and living a very responsible and balanced life.  After my son had read this book, I found him on the telephone one evening reading passages to a friend.  It made him think, and any time you can get a teenager to think, it's a very good thing.
I read this book when I was 16, and 50 years later, I still go back to this book all the time, and have memorized most of the passages.  The Prophet changed my life.  I was pretty amazed to find a garden that sits across from the Vice President's house in Washington DC, honoring Kahlil Gibran and the great work he wrote.  Obviously, I have not been the only one transformed by his messages.
One of the most spiritually uplifting books I have in my library. It's short, concise and teaches the bare 'bones' of what we should all have deep within us.
I loved this little book!!It was filled with so much wisdom.  If you need a little wisdom and inspiration in life, I suggest you reading this book.
Reminiscient of the Bible, but universal in it's appeal. Advice on how to act and live and believe. This book was written in 1923, but is timeless in the wisdom of which it speaks. I would recommend this book as a gift for someone you know who is going through times of difficulty, or adversity, no matter their religious beliefs.
The book came in great condition, as well as, on time. Feel sad, though, because it was lost in a move.
A short and magnificent book that will forever withstand the test of time because it speaks to, and from, the heart.
Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931), the Lebanese-American poet and mystic never wrote anything finer than this 1923 volume, his masterwork. Had he written nothing before or beyond THE PROPHET, he would still be remembered into perpetuity.Each brief chapter of THE PROPHET addresses an aspect of the human condition, including Love, Marriage, Work, Pleasure, Buying and Selling, Children, Eating and Drinking, to name but a few. Gibran espouses no particular religious, ethical or moral system, and yet includes them all in this slim tome, written it seems, with a quill of light, not ink.A Higher Power (by whatever name you may call it) spoke through Gibran in the writing, a perfect letter to the ages, and an ultimate expression of Humanity.
It has been almost 6 months that i have to wait for this book from the pre order. I orders 3 books of &#34;The Prophet&#34;.When they have arrived to me on April 28th, 2014. I was very happy to see and touch them. It's so valuable for me to wait.Thank you.Kornkamol
My father has this huge book collection and I remember I was around 12 when I found this book amidst a sea of books and I thought it was pretty small, so I read it in one sit...It changed my life.It talks about life, love, friendship, death, etc. All of these answers that you spend your entire life searching for...are in this book. It tells you all of these things that you already know about life, but somehow we keep in the back of our heads so we don't have to do the right thing, as if ignoring them will make us more human by default. There is no place that I go that this book doesn't follow me.I remember in college having this teacher that I despised so much and the class was talking about their favorite book and when it came my turn I said "The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran" and she got all excited too and said "That's my favorite book too, it's like my Bible"...I remember thinking "How can I have something that is so important to me in common with someone that I despise?"...I guess that's the thing about life...I will never forget that or her...
This is Kahlil Gibran at his best.  The prophet is uplifting, thought-provoking, lyrical, simplistic, and completely unforgettable.  Gibran's unique prose poetry rythym flows like wine while reading it.  This  book is a classic.
The philosophies in this book can change your outlook. I first read this in 1963, and found its ideas life changing. A must read for the thinker out there!! A definite 5 stars!!
My favorite book.  I used the passaged in my wedding ceremony.  I read it over and over and never tire of it
I love Gibran's work.  However, this small volume is not well made.  I gave them as gifts. Pages started falling out of both copies as soon as the books were opened.  Unfortunately, I was unable to return them because the deadline had passed.  If you are contemplating buying The Prophet, buy a different volume.
I lost my own copy when I moved some years ago and decided I just had to have a copy of my own again. It's so beautiful in its' descriptions of life!
This is a great book to read again and again. I always see new things each time I read it.
I bought 2 of this wonderful, timeless classic for friends who had recently lost their father. A long lasting treasure!
What's there not to love about the writing of Khalil Gibran. I finally took the time, and not much is needed, to read The Prophet.Every page flows seamlessly from one to the other and his narrative writing style is infused with lessons of love, life, and more.This is a book that I will read time and time again. Like many other of the greats I keep on my book shelf.
This book was a fine, smooth, easy read. Well thought out lines of philosophy are presented in a non-offensive easily digestible manner. It's a nice bit of thought provoking fluff, with none of the downside of heavier philosophers.It's positive in its outlook, without being unrealistic. There are some almost metaphysical aspects of the material presented, but nothing too heavy, flaky or overboard. You may not agree with everything said in these pages, but there is no doubt that you will still enjoy the read and, like me, will find much here to uplift and inspire you.This is a classic gem that is very quotable, too.
This book has been my most treasured possession for over 30 years.  I read it for the pleasure of the writing, and for the wonderful sense it makes of relationships and every day living. I bought this copy to give to a friend who recently lost her son in a drowning accident.  Particularly relevant to her were the writings on 'children' , 'pain and joy' and 'dying'.  And my advise to anyone contemplating marriage or a relationship, would be to read (together!) the writing on 'marriage'.Even the price is a Gift !!
This book takes different themes such as work, love, etc. and poses them as questions that a community asks a wise man, who seems to be spirit talking. He is a man who is not so much of a religious base but more filled with a love of nature finding peace and depth through sensory and embracement of all dark and light. He is a person who has freedom in all areas of his life and learns from all things and all moments because of his openess and aliveness. He wants all people to gain awareness from their path thru eternity. This can be read in a variety of ways coming from each person's belief system. I read this when I was in a state of loss, loss of so much. This book can bring understanding and a shift in consciousness at least for a spell of time. It can expand who you are while you process and integrate his writings. I most definately recommend this book, for all people on their journey in whatever space they are in on their path of life.
"A brilliant man's philosophy on love, marriage, joy, sorrow, time, friendship and just life. Originally published in 1923 - translated into more than 20 languages. Also has drawings by Gibran...A poetic ,inspiring little book that you can read over and over again..."
Really? Criticism of this work is impossible. The Prophet is shear Genius. I first read it when I was maybe 12 and my dad just had it laying around. I'm sure I didn't &#34;get it&#34; at that age but something about it resonated with me.
Such a classic book; deep wisdom in a very readable container.  The Prophet has always been a favorite, and I wanted to give a copy to my brother.  The book is great for just picking up and reading a page or two.  I had the opportunity to read a passage at my wedding ceremony.
For me Kahil's words and insights are next to the New Testament, the best expression of our oneness in the Spirit! If you love the book, I would ENCOURAGE you to acquire the Audio Narration that was done by Richard  Harris. It will bring you to another level!
Tolerance, love, beauty, thought, spirituality, emotional intelligence, warmth, patience.  Need I say more?
I wanted the book the Prophet as an anniversary gift to my spouse. We read this book while dating. He had copies before but lost track by giving them away. I went to Amazon and put in the title and there it was...nothing like whatit would have cost retail. So for me it was just what I was looking for, at the price I could pay, in the condition I could use for the perfect gift for my husband. Thank You!
A prophet has waited twelve years in a coastal town for the ship that will bear him back to his homeland, which he misses.Why he is there, why he is waiting, how he knows what he knows, and who he is is a mystery.  As he departs the townspeople gather to wish him well. A local seeress who knows him best asks him to share his wisdom so that it will endure for generations to come.So, he reveals his wisdom on love, birth, marriage, children, pain, talking, pleasure, death any so much more.It is a profound work, and here is his advice on marriage so you may judge for yourself:You were born together, and together you shall be forevermore.You shall be together when white wings of death scatter your days.Aye, you shall be together even in the silent memory of God.But let there be spaces in your togetherness,And let the winds of the heavens dance between you.Love one another but make not a bond of love:Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup.Give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf.Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone,Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.Give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping.For only the hand of Life can contain your hearts.And stand together, yet not too near together:For the pillars of the temple stand apart,And the oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow.Its not a little similar to theTao Te Ching: A New English Version (Perennial Classics)where a border guard recognises Lao Tzu, and asks him to share his wisdom as he goes into exile.  Written 2,500 years ago, and one of the most translated books in the world.  The Tao contains many principles you can use in your everyday life, and if you're not thinking in  ego based ways, your wisdom based thinking opens up..If you like one book, you will love the other, so I recommend both.  For the Tao, I recommend the Stephen Mitchell version.  Hope this was useful.
This book was the first and only I've read by Kahlil Gibran. Every chapter offers insight and philosophy on almost every subject that a person can think about. From death to love to marriage to friendship Kahlil Gibran offers a very sensitive view of all aspects of life. I've reread it many times.
I am look for the original publication 1923 of the prophet, khalil gibran, thank for the answer,
Everyone carries an omnificent quality within themselves.  Some individuals have not grasped this concept.  Some individuals do not realize that a simple change can create a huge transformation.  Would you ask an important figure for advice before she or he left town?  Their advice would be elements about life that you already knew, but seemingly forgot. There are simple fundamentals to follow that can make you a better person within your own eyes.Gibran uses The Prophet Almustafa to enlighten readers with simple tactics they can use to live a more pure and genuine life.  How many of us love, go to work, have clothes, feel pain, and own friendships?  You do not have to be religious to appreciate this book.  Gibran's classic takes common stress factors that everyone can relate to, and shares guidance on how to simplify it in your life:  "When you work with love, you bind yourself to yourself, and to one another" ( p. 26).  Read this book and share it.  Think about the most valuable portion to you in this book. Share that portion with another person.
My favorite book .... Came fast and am very pleased with the version of the book!!  It is high on a gift list for me so I order it often.
This book has helped put into prospective so many different concerns that the world's population has at this time. An absolute MUST READ.
i never read it yet, but my boyfriend read it before, he loved it and was so happy to have his own copy!  Looking forward to reading it myself.
This is a very inspiring book.  If you like the Alchemist, you will love this. It is a really easy read.
This book was originally given to me by my husband after he heard a recording of it many years ago.  I found this book to be the basis of living a good life and have through the years, referred back to it whenever I felt the need to be reinforced in my thinking on the many subjects it contained.  My favorite chapters are: On Love, On Marriage, and On Children, in Gibran's words,"For life goes not backward nor tarries with yesterday".I have given copies of this book to many friends and it always surprised me that some view it as too idealistic while others have loved it the way I did and were happy to read the soothing words whenever they felt they had lost their focus.I LOVE this book!
Since I first read The Prophet when I was a teenager I have had a copy by my side.  It is a gift of such value in comprehending the depth and meaning of this wonderful Life in its beauty of every relationship that engages us.  Be it work, parenting, eating, death or love, Gibran paints word images of such divine and exquisite loveliness that, once read, will change the reader's perspective forever.  It is a book to refer to again and again as life unfolds and offers new opportunities for spiritual growth and awareness.It is a book I have given as a gift to many young people as they grapple with the frustrations and distortions of an often incomprehensible outer world.  It is a book of beautiful truths and a map to our own seeking souls.  I particularly love this edition which includes Gibran's original drawings.
I have been reading The Prophet every year for over a decade. Or intending to. It's an incredible read. If I'm having issues in my life, I read the section that relates to my problem and it helps clarify things somewhat. It is a divinely inspired piece of work, and can be read in one setting. There is pretty much nothing that he doesn't cover in the book that can't be related to your own life. I bought the ebook version so I could have easier access. It's a book for everyone.
It is small but it is a treasure. I will never forget what it says. It has inspired me to write about itMartha
Needed to read this and could not find my old copy, so bought a new copy and it still helps me when I need to remember what is inside this lovely collection of wisdom!
Everyone should read this book. It has a lot of knowledge for life within the pages.  I would say read it with a friend and look at the simple but truly a good way to look at things.
I first became aware of Kahlil Gibran when I read a poem of his that was on the menu at my favorite Lebanese restaurant. Ever since then, I have sought out his books.  The Prophet is my favorite.  Several of the  &quot;poems&quot; or passages are fully relevant to parts of my life.  The  book makes one feel good and inspired to do good for others.  There is  barely an aspect on life that the poems do not touch on-love, marriage,  death and all of our own insecurities and doubts about people and life.  This would be a good book to give to a friend who is going through a rough  time, or just has unanswered questions at a certain point in their lives.  The writing is lucid, insightful, and will be relevant for as long as time  goes on.The drawings add to an already great work.  At my favorite Lebanese  restaurant, I not only found good food-I thankfully found Kahlil Gibran.
This is, by far, the most inspiring work I have ever read.  The prose is so strikingly beautiful that the reader finds she must look away to regain her composure. Gibran's take on joy and sorrow is profound and very moving:Your joy is your sorrow unmasked.And the selfsame well from which your laughter rises was oftentimes filled with your tears.And how else can it be?The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain.Is not the cup that holds your wine the very cup that was burned in the potter's oven?A masterpiece. If you don't own it-you should!
I appreciate getting the book at the great price.  I'm really not complaining but the book was quite yellow and the jacket was torn in various places.  It looked like it was on the shelf for quite a while........Maureen
I recieved &quot;The Prophet&quot; as a gift from my best friend years  ago. Though time and distance have separated us I can always pick up this  book in times of Joy or Sorrow and feel that she is sharing those feelings  with me. This is the one gift I always give to those I truly care about.
I picked up this book after being inspired by some quotes from Kahlil Gibran. This is a brief text written in a flowery language that masks some simple points. I did not find this book inspiring or insightful, but it was a short read.
This book is a classic. Anyone who likes Gibran will love this book. Actually this is one of the classics that everyone should read.
Great book in good shape.  Everyone should read The Prophet.  I read it years ago and loaned my copy to a friend who didn't return it.  Amazon most always has what I'm looking for.
This is my all-time favorite work of literature.The first time I read this book I was 15 years old.  A great friend's father (a high school guidance counselor) gave it to me in an attempt to broaden my philosophical, intellectual and literary horizons.  The book had the desired effect.  I opened it that afternoon and did not put it down until I had read every last page in one sitting.  I was transfixed.  I finished reading it in approximately three hours, front to back.  My philosophy, my world view and my life were all changed forever.Tons of people have reviewed the textual content of the book but it is more than that.  This work is arguably the greatest literary accomplishment of Gibran's lifetime and it isn't just textual.  It is also textural.  The Prophet is poetic and it inspires a sense of inner peace and harmony just by reading the words written on its pages; simple messages which resonated like a cannon in a young mind.  As it turns out they still resonate in exactly the same way now that I am older.  I have read The Prophet a total of 22 times during the course of my life and each time I read it I discover some new facet of my existence that I can apply its wisdom to.Over the years I have shared this amazing book with loved ones, friends, coworkers, even a university professor, who to my great surprise, had never read it.  This is a seminal work and should be required reading for any person who considers himself/herself to be 'educated'.Aside from the passages in the Bible, this is the greatest work of literary art in existence.  Whatever booksellers are charging nowadays for a copy of The Prophet, it is worth it.Michael E. Burgess
What an excellent series of poems that words can't describe. Verily, the words by the powerful Khalil Gibran reach your soul with ease as if they were something so familiar, yet so new and informative. Don't believe me? Why don't you go ahead and take a look for your self.....
If you love someone give them a copy of this book! I was given a copy of this book when I was 18 years old and graduating high school. I had heard a quote from the book during my speech and debate class that made perfect sense to me &quot;Love knows not it's own depths until the hour of seperation&quot;, and I made myself a promise to read this book. I had told a friend about my promise to myself and for a graduation present she presented me with The Prophet. I can honestly say that I have never read a book that has touched me as much as this one. It is written almost lyrically. I have since given several different people copies of this book: some friends, some family, some more than friends. Each of them have come away from reading it with a better appreciation of life. When I give this book I ask the recipient only one thing and that is this: if ever they know someone who is going through a rough time in life to pass the book on and let them heal,learn, and realize they are loved by someone no matter how bad things may seem!
I lovethis book and give it as a graduation gift every year, they like the message.  I buy a minimum of 15 each year.
I was greatly looking forward to reading this classic, only to be disappointed by the negligence of the printer.  On the very first page of this paperpack edition (Copyright 2009 -- BN Publishing) there's a glaring series of typos:"The sea that calls all things untThen said Almitra o her calls me,and I must embark."This should read (this taken from the Amazon "Click to LOOK INSIDE" feature):"The sea that calls all things unto her calls me, and I mustembark."I don't want to ruin my experience by reading any further.  I will attempt to get Amazon to give me a reputable edition.
This book helps deal with the inner being. It tries to get you to become one with a higher power. This higher power will not only be God but anything or person that you would want it to be. By using the old saying "Do as onto others as you would want them to do to you." This book also wants you to become one with yourself. It tries to tell you and what to stay away from on your journey. I really did enjoy this book._mp
An excellent book.  Everybody should read this book at least once! :-)  Gibran was exposed to different philosophies and religions and had a great insight into life and the way it ought to be lived.  Gibran was a great writer, philosopher, artist and a poet.  I am lucky to have been able to visit his house in the mountains of Lebanon (now a museum).  I brought back pictures.  Feel free to email me(cedars_liban@hotmail.com) I don't mind sharing the photos!
Kahlil Gibran is a wonderful writer and this is regarded by many as his "masterpiece". It is a quick read and well worth purchasing, his passage on talking rang true with me and captures the essence of speech in a way that will move you.
Great read! A book for the ages! Each little piece of prose/poem has something simple and profound to tell us all.
Got this book for my son who wasn't familiar with Kahlil Gabran. Everyone should read him at least once don't you think? The book was more attractive than pictured and small - fits in his pocket. He likes it.
This is a work of art and something to have around all the time. It is so absorbing and such a help when you need a little support.  Nearly all my family have both the book and recording and it is very often quoted.I would recommend it to all. This author's insight into life is quite amazing and covers all walks in life.
This is an amazingly beautiful book.  The writings are spiritual and absolutely beautiful.  They cover almost every aspect of life and provide inspiring, poetic and though-provoking words in answer to questions raised about them.  When my mother passed away, I read this book over and over again.  Many use the chapter on marriage as part of their wedding vows.  My daughter asked me to read that chapter to her and her husband as part of their wedding ceremony.  I cannot think of a better way to spend $10.00.  You will more than get your money's worth even if you only read one chapter in the book.
Sorry for late response.  Delivery and state of product was perfect - thank you!Kind regards,Melissa
This is classic reading, which I did read when it was &#34;young&#34;.I was glad to find it available for Kindle.
Mr. Gibran has begets a master piece . His splendor writing style is amazing and the eloquent use of the words are moving force which forever will be a guiding light for our souls.
For one who would prefer Truth coming from a source other than the King James Version, "The Prophet" is written with the voice of wisdom and the beauty of poetry. If there is a Black and White 'Truth,' one could easily seek it here in almost all the verses.
I first received this book as a gift my senior year in high school.  It has very beautiful and thoughtful pros on life and love.  I gave it to my own children when they were in high school and it continues to be a favorite of my son.  He has committed some of it to memory and has used it's wisdom as guidance in his life.  Just a lovely little book when you want to give something meaningful to someone.- Nancy Spool
This book has been recommended to me by an acquaintance. It's a philosophical fable full of wisdom and reflection on our personal and collective values. Even though it's a short book, it takes a while to read it because you don't want to rush through it. Its meant to be taken in small &#34;bites&#34;. The language is poetic and allegorical at times. Every sentence is loaded with meaning. It's a treat for your mind and your soul. Loved it!
Gibran wrote the ultimate way of seeing life and living in it. the importance of each relationship. The book was written to be relatable to every reader, all the subjects are mondain. The availability of this book is a great advantage that I don't think people are aware of. It's an hour long to read, but a lifetime to understand, if you read it you'll remember it in every new life matter or relationship.Buy it and keep it on the shelve for reference, it's an answer to everything. and read it carefully.
The Prophet is a silly book filled with platitudes. I guess if you like reading the Bible, The Secret or  Eat, Pray, Love, you'll probably like this book.
when I order this book, I had no idea it would be a very small pocket size item. I thought I was ordering a regular size book, and I am disappointment with this item.
I first read The Prophet when I was 18 and trying to find myself.  Ironically, after reading this book, I needed to look no further than what I already posessed.  It is a pinnacle contribution to the literary world  and for believers of any faith, it will touch your soul if read with a  willingness to grow.
Gibran was a great author and in this book he truly shines. I recommend this book to anyone, even if he/she is not into reading. The book is short but full of wisdom. I only gave it 4 stars because the idea of the book (and even the title) are taken from "Thus Spoke Zarathustra" which I gave 5 stars. So I didnt think it would be fair to give this one an equal grading. I actually recommend both books, but The Prophet is much easier to read, while Thus Spoke Zarathustra is deeper and more intelligent.
For years, I've seen the Prophet sitting on others' book shelves with the haunting face on the cover, and I always wondered what this book was about. Then a friend laid it in my hands a few months ago just at a point in my life when I could actually grasp it. I read just one page and Gibran's words were so beautiful, so powerful, so truthful that I had to get a copy of my own.Almustafa, the main character, is a prophet of God; he is Christ, Buddha, Krishna, the Higher Self. He is the familiar soul that walks between heaven and earth in all humans and all creatures. As he is about to leave the city of Orphalese to return "home," the people there sorrowfully beg him to share with them his wisdom. One by one they ask Almustafa to speak of love, of children, of eating and drinking, crime and punishment, of houses and self-knowledge, among other basic topics of life. His answers come in precisely crafted poetry that is deceptively simple, stunningly beautiful and potent in their spiritual depth. Afmustafa's responses to the people of Orphalese represent the distillation of Gibran's own Self-mastery, his own unified consciousness, and spiritual awakening.This short book should be read slowly and repeatedly until all its hidden truths are unveiled, even if it takes rereading it years after the first time. It is not only Gibran's masterpiece, but his loving gift to the world. I'm glad it took me 48 years to get to it; I would not have appreciated it until now.
Whenever I want to remember what life was like in the sixties, when I was one of those hippie teenagers, I read this book. Somehow it is always relevant.
My friend Renee gave this to me a few years back and asked me to read The Prophet.  I started reading it shortly afterward and honestly had to stop for a little while because I tried consuming too much (sorry, my normal is history, historical fiction, and either sci-fi or fantasy); after all, this is poetry and philosophy and should be consumed like a fine wine or excellent scotch, slowly savoring the flavor.  Having let things slip a little longer than intended I started reading it again, this time not trying to slam thru pages but rather reading one or two passages over lunch and seeing  the impact on me.  This time things flowed somewhat better for me.  The individual passages are nicely done covering aspects of life relevant to anyone.  While I don't always agree with Mr. Gibran philosophy for a subject, some are particularly moving; for me in particular his passage on Joy and Sorrow was borderline earth shaking with his explanation of the relationship of the two, describing to me why both can be so strong.Rating this one is extremely complex.  Some passages touch you and make you think about your life or what you have; others flow over you, whether discarded for future consumption is to be determined later.  Because I wasn't touched by all, I call this a very strong 4 star book and can easily see why lovers of poetry or philosophy could call this a 5 star book.  What I can say though is thank you Renee for exposing me to The Prophet.
This book was given to me as a gift before I journeyed overseas on a  spiritual quest to &quot;find myself.&quot; I never got a chance to read it  until one month after I was there and I had lost my job, my relationship  was very unsteady, and being so far form home, I felt completely isolated.  After skipping around the book and reading sections that immediately  pertained to me at that point, I cried, not out of sadness, but out of  enlightenment...Gibran wrote his experiences,and his thoughts on life, but  they are such detailed poetic accounts, it applies to everyone at some  time, his writings have layers, and therefore this book can be read many  times over, and each time a new understanding will come. &quot;Your pain is  the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding...&quot;
I cannot, for the life of me, figure out why I waited so long before reading The Prophet. Gibran's wisdom is timeless.
My brother was looking for this book and I ordered it for him.  I was pleased with the price and the fact I could have it shipped directly to him.  Thanks Amazon!
A wonderful book to keep in your lbrary of favorites, forever. I owned this book many years ago and misplaced it. After purchasing it again, I found everything as relevant today as it was when written. I love this book. Great to read by topic, as needed, rather that cover to cover.
If I could only keep one book in my library, it would be this one. I have  purchased many copies for loved ones and highly recommend it to anyone  occassionally compelled to make sense out of a world that often doesn't  make sense. Personally, it stands as a reference to help me accept the  paradoxical nature of life - joy and sorrow, giving and receiving, reason  and passion, etc. - and continuously brings me peace when life gets  chaotic. I love the fact that each chapter is so short, so while he says a  lot, it's easy to digest. I cannot recommend this book highly enough to  anyone of any faith on any kind of spiritual quest!
Being an Atheist, it may seem strange to some people that this book holds any meaning for me, but I think that, despite the religious references, people from all walks of life will relate to the poetic prose of The Prophet.Kahlil Gibran has been greatly celebrated in several countries for the book's simple yet biting phrases. Any two sentences in this legacy of living can be made into a thought-altering quote.Gibran uses a prose style throughout. Short lines of words written as freestyle poetry create a rich medium to deliver his words.Each section has something poweful to say, but some of my favorites were those on Work, Giving, Children, Crime and Punishment, Freinds, Time, and of course Love.As oppposed to most books containing the word "Prophet" anywhere in the title, Gibran expresses life as something to be enjoyed and soaked in as many ways as possible. The book does not stress the punishment of sins, but to bask in pleasure and not look back. Decadence is not suggested, but the basic purpose of Gibran's legacy is to tell us that life is short and must be lived without regrets.It is a book that includes such beautiful metaphors and velvetty language that you are always sucked into reading "just one more section." What makes the book work is not just the simple genius of the author's statements, but also the beauty of his words, the flow of his language.I hate to be like everyone else (in more instances than just this), but it does change you. It states what any prophecy should, and allows the religious aspects of the beliefs to take the backseat to the love of life and aspirations.Buy, read, and live by The Prophet's words.
I bought this book for my son who had his stolen from him and was in despair.  He likes the beautiful poetic resonance and in looking through the book, I agree.  This is a book for sensitive souls, beautifully written and illustrated by the author.
This book remains "simply the best!"  I have read it many times and quoted it frequently over the last 60 years.  I gave a copy to my daughter as part of her wedding gift - and years later it is at her bedside. The information given is simple, yet profound.  It is something that exhaults when you are need to be lifted up, comforts you when you are disheartened, and provides something for nearly every situation!! As a nurse I carried one with me always and shared frequently with patients who found comfort in the simple poetry.  You will want to keep it handy!  It's appropriate for most situations and makes a wonderful, simple gift!
A classic which has only improved with time.  The thoughts and ideas in this book would make the world a better place!
I can't think of a title fitting enough. What can you say about a book that you believe to be one-of-a-kind? I have yet to find a book that I can compare it to. I suppose I could at least explain why I find this book to be so unique.First of all this book covers most all of life's complex issues in the simplest fashion, and in that respect it is uncanny in presentation. Secondly and astonishingly the author portrays a story of a prophet speaking to his people, but I cannot be so shallow to think that I am reading a said story... I am not reading the said story--what is actually happening is that I am the listener and Kahlil Gibran is the prophet himself.  I strongly feel that if you the reader do not come away with this feeling yourself, you are probably reading some other book.I think what would do justice in this review is to explain some feelings you may get from a brief reading, in fact with that said, I can state with confidence that many readers will peruse only a few pages at a time because the content is overwhelming in its ability to provoke thought and feeling. You may feel at times that some all important life questions are being answered. You may feel regret  like I did,  I regret not having this book earlier in life to help me. I believe that a great many of you will feel amazed. It is truly amazing how such a short simple book can have such a profound impact on a person searching for answers to life's puzzles.There is a quote from the "Urantia Book" that is appropriate in closing this review. The quote helps to sum up one of the unexpected feelings I received from this incredible story, and that quote is.. "The argumentative defense of any proposition is inversely proportional to the truth contained." ...and I give this quote because this book gives you the feeling that you are reading divine truth. I am a firm believer that if Kahlil Gibran is not a modern day prophet, no one is, and you too may come away with this belief because this is a story that really speaks to the heart of humanity. I cannot think of anyone who would not love this book.
I've always been wary of stories claiming ownership of principles of truth and wisdom, and attempting to package them in tidy, marketable portions for mass consumption.  However, I found this novella unique and unpretentious in it's delivery of many truths that at first glance may appear intuitive, but in reality escape me in the daily practice of my life.  It was a well-written, thought-provoking tale that helped me focus on the most important things of my daily life.
Great poetry, great insight, great message to current days. One of mine top books ever. Independent of one's creed, everyone should read it.
My intention here is to comment on the quality of this reading, rather than the timeless content, the quality of which is well known.I very much enjoyed Paul Sparer's reading. I found his rich bass voice and eloquent style ideal for Gibran and very pleasing to listen to. Unlike another reviewer, I was not at all distracted by the music; in fact, I barely noticed it. Taste in such things is a personal issue, and for what it's worth, this reading very much suits my tastes.
Beautifully presented providing both Korean and English script and the illustrations. Just what I wanted for my Korean daughter in law.
I bought this for my girlfriend and after she read it a looked through it.and inside i found a  deep insightful story telling us the secrets of life, love, and happiness, i would recommend this to anyone
Love this book!  Negative reviews don't get the point.  Its a fictional setting to house the way life really works.  KG got the vibrational eternal beings bit and just housed it in a framework that you have to be seeking to receive.  Otherwise, if just falls flat on the reader.  Book showed up quickly and in great condition.  One of my desktop rereads.
Covers a lot of subjects that are important for facing life; and they are short.  I have used the &#34;Tell me about children&#34; as guidance to new parents and to parents that have a child leaving the nest.Should be a reference book for any parent.
The kind of book you can read over and over again in it's entirety or choose an individual lesson.  From love to friendship to children, work and everything in between, Gibran has a way showing you how to think about the things we deal with everyday.  One will become a better more enlightened person through the teachings of &#34;The Prophet&#34;.
I have loved this book since I first acquired it decades ago...a classic in every since of the word. I have always kept a book copy, had to have an e-copy too.
Gibran's words strike as deep and sudden as lightning, and lay bare to you, with unbelievable simplicity, the truths of human life. And they do so beautifully. To read this book is to enrich yourself, enlighten yourself, and to enjoy some of the most beautiful words ever written. Gibran's accompanying drawings are as mystical and moving as his words, and accentuate the utterances of the Prophet.The sheer wisdom and beauty of this little book is undeniable. All hail the Prophet.
The book is fine.  Yet, I would not have purchased this version if I had known that it lacks a table of contents.  Particularly for The Prophet, most readers want to be able to jump quickly to a particular section.I want to "return" this version and buy a more expensive copy that includes a table of contents.Being brand new to the Kindle, I will now see if Amazon allows a Kindle item to be retruned for credit.
Great book. Great price. I read this book quite a few years ago. This reasonable purchase, from Amazon.com afforded me to revisit  the reading of this book. It did not cost me an arm and a leg either.
No matter where your faith or spirituality is based. "The Prophet" will give you a constant source of inspiration. I've been reading the book for twenty years and still find something "new" every time I pick it up (almost daily.)I've given my personal copies away to friends, family and strangers alike. Buy two.
I have owned a copy of the book for years so when a special couple married, her mom asked that we all send some advice on marriage. The best marriage advice I ever received can be found in this book. It was the perfect finishing touch to their wedding gift.
All of us have compelx thoughts, ideas and questions about life and what goes in it's circle; the difficult part is how to express them with words, write them down, or asking them and get who ever reads what we write to understand what we mean. Gibran (as I believe) contributed to humanity by writing his The Prophet book; a book that is a must have for any one who seeks to find answers for the deepest questions in life from the time they are born untill death. Deep words that are able to take you to a totally another world, a writing style that is unique by it's own. The Prophet will expand your vision of things and make you a better person. As Gibran was not only a writer but an artist too, this would be his ultimate achievment; a book that you will always cherish having, and never get bored reading.
The book is easy to read, and poems are just beautiful. I had picked up a couple online and through friends, so I decided to buy the book and see the whole story. Not dissappointed at all.
A classic.  Inspirational for all generations.  Timeless.  Comforting advice with brief verse that one can refer to in the moment.
Here is a book that will get your spiritual side working again.  This book subscribes to no particular religion(s), but gives much to reflect upon.  This is a short book.  It will only take you around an hour or so to read it.  But if you want to take a break from the hectic day-to-day lives we lead and think about the deeper meanings of life, this book is for you.  It's the story of a prophet that comes to a town and gives the townspeople his wisdom.  They ask him questions about life, and he gives them deep spiritual answers.  Simple concept, great read.
I revisited web page after I received the book. I found the product description clearly states the size: "Product Dimensions: 5.7 x 4.2 x 0.7 inches" ~ which is halfway between a paperback and the hardcover size that I expected (8"x6" or so). The book was useless as the gift that I intended. Worse, I didn't discover it until after my Mom received it!  Not worth returning even though it was a new book.
This book is for anyone of any religion. I was first introduced to this book at the age of 18 and have every word memorized. I refer to his words daily. Kahlil Gibrans serene nature gives light to the words of 'The Prophet' and will touch you.
Quench your thirst with the divine music that lies hidden in the silence of the pages... Indeed this book holds the flame of hope in the midst of  deception, a flame to light the darkness, that darkness that has blinded  the bird and chained his humming, that humming that will light the darkness  of life and eternity... If you have not yet read this book, then wait no  longer and enter the realm of truth with the all time Lebanese writer:  GIBRAN KHALIL GIBRAN...  ( By the way this book deserves a 6 star rating! )
This man was a son of a pastor, but worshipped a profit, not God - Do your homework on him. The Bible is the truth. Don't be misled by what this book tells you.This quote is from Wikipedia - Thompson reported Gibran later saying that all the way through writing "Jesus, the Son of Man", he thought of `Abdu'l-Bah&aacute;. Years later, after the death of `Abdu'l-Bah&aacute;, at a viewing of a movie of `Abdu'l-Bah&aacute;, Gibran rose to talk and proclaimed in tears an exalted station of `Abdu'l-Bah&aacute; and left the event weeping. A noted scholar on Gibran is Suheil Bushrui from Gibran's native Lebanon, also a Bah&aacute;'&iacute;, published more than one volume about him and serves as the Kahlil Gibran Chair for Values and Peace at the University of Maryland and winner of the Juliet Hollister Awards from the Temple of Understanding.Abdu'l-Bah&aacute;' (Arabic: &#1593;&#1576;&#1583; &#1575;&#1604;&#1576;&#1607;&#1575;&#1569;&#8206;&#8206;; 23 May 1844 - 28 November 1921), born `Abb&aacute;s Effend&iacute;, was the eldest son of Bah&aacute;'u'll&aacute;h,[1] the founder of the Bah&aacute;'&iacute; Faith.
The author was truly gifted.  The book is incredibly moving.  If you can read from cover to cover and not at some point find yourself in tears, you can consider yourself dead.  An amazing work.
I recently read an article in The New Yorker Magazine about Kahlil Gibran, writer born in the middle east to Christian parents. Kahlil Gibran managed to immigrate to NYC with his mother and siblings.  Gibran's personal life and his early death, his exotic looks and ability to both write and paint is what attracted me to read his masterpiece "The Prophet".  It is a mystic story, written in verse, less than 100 ages long with a dozen fantastic paintings that remind of magical realism in painting.  The book is a manifest on how to live, love, work, dress, embrace joy and sorrow, accept righteousness and mankind far from perfection.  It is a book of duality that in the most beautiful language a young philosopher teaches the ways to live life.  No matter what world, culture, continent or country one comes from,this verse is universal.  If anything, this piece of work has compelled me to seek out other of Gibran's work.  I need to get into a mind of this wonderful thinker who himself led a very complicated and solitary life.  It has been a long time since I read anything as beautiful and touching as this piece of literature.
You've got to be kidding, all you 5 star reviewers!  This overly sentimental trash is sickening! It just rambles on and on with nonsense. It is said that Gibran is a great poet. Really? It has no poetic value whatsoever. Save your $2, my friend, and if you're looking for enlightenment try &#34;Siddhartha&#34;.
I am almost 51 years old. When i was 18 and deeply conflicted, weighted down with the confusions that can only be so impossibly painful at that young age, my mother gave me a hardback copy of "The Prophet". I've carried it with through all these years as a treasured companion. It helped me make sense of the non-sense my life was back there in 1974, and has comforted me more then a couple times in the years since then, as well.Today i'm here at Amazon to buy the same book for my 19-year-old daughter. She's a bright, warm, funny, sweet girl who is undergoing no small amount of angst as her comfy girlhood world slips away.  Her friends have begun to scatter to the winds--some to jobs and some to college--and her own adult responsibilities loom ever taller.Why, she has asked me, why do i feel so sad? I have no reason to be so sad--but i am. Why?And my mind has flashed to:"Your joy is your sorrow unmasked.And the selfsame well from which your laughter rises was oftentimes filled with your tears.And how else can it be?"So i want this book for my wonderful daughter.  I think she's ready for it and, better, i think it will help the turmoil in her soul as it did for me when i was her age, and for my mother before me.
Inspirational and true teachings about various aspects of life are what you will find when you read this beautiful book. The book is short, 96 pages, and includes artwork by the author. The short chapters begin with various people (a ploughman, a judge, a woman, a rich man, an old priest, a mason, a hermit, etc.)asking the mystic to speak about different subjects of life, such as:  On Beauty, On Good and Evil, On Marriage, On Joy and sorrow, on friendship, and many more)I have to say that if I had come across this book much earlier in my life, I know I would not have understood or appreciated the beauty of it. I mentioned a quote from this book to a friend once who told me that her mother in law gave her the book years ago, and she had never read it. I told her what a treasure it was and after (finally) reading it, she loved it too.There is so much wisdom here to learn from. This is an incredible book!
I have wanted this book for a long while now...I first read this in my early twenties and it made a huge impact on me. How I would have loved to have listened to the Prophet in person but this is the next best thing. Whether or not you are on a spiritual journey or just on your own journey his words will bring an insight you will find most endearing and enlightening. You must have this in your library.
I am alive like you, and I am standing beside you.Close your eyes and look around, you will see me in front of you.~Gibran's words on his EpitaphThe Prophet captures the teachings of Kahlil Gibran in a comforting story that succinctly touches on everyday topics like love, giving, joy, sorrow, freedom, pain, teaching, friendship and beauty. Within each tiny chapter, profound moments can occur as we are given insight into unfamiliar territory, a place of thought not commonly existing in daily life but familiar to spiritual teachers.Kahlil Gibran magically explores the connection between sorrow and joy and how the deeper the sorrow you experience, the more joy you can contain. Talking becomes thoughts that can no longer "dwell in the solitude of your heart" so they "live in your lips."As Almustafa waits for a ship to take him back to the isle of his birth, he climbs a hill outside the city walls and looks out to sea. When his "ship arrives" he is suddenly filled with regret, yet knows he must follow his destiny and return home."Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his pain and his aloneness without regret?"The priests and priestesses ask him to remain in very poetic ways: "Let not the waves of the sea separate us now, and the years you have spent in our midst become a memory."Almustafa only cries and doesn't seem to speak until a woman named Almitra appears. She is a woman who believed in him and he seems to have great fondness for her. We are not given any insight into their relationship, but his respect for her is unquestioned. She understands he must leave, but asks him to give the city his wisdom. She promises they will pass this wisdom down through the generations.While viewing pictures of Bsharri in Northern Lebanon, the mountains and the mist are almost a unique doorway into Kahlil Gibran's mind. He lived in a lush region where cascading falls, rugged cliffs and cedar trees influenced his art and writing.We can imagine his thoughts of home and this book was actually first imagined when he wrote a short story as a teenager. A Bostonian poet, Josephine Peabody, caught Gibran's attention at an art exhibition and she later referred to him as "her young prophet."  She also wrote poems about Gibran's life and how she imagined his life in Bsharri. His life is woven into his writing in the most beautiful ways. He names his book for a woman he loves and his writing is infused with spiritual teachings and influences from his journey from Lebanon to New York.The story has an unassuming plot, but the lessons are eternal and the ending is surprisingly tender. I was left with a sense of longing that is still drifting along with me like the mists of Bsharri. The Prophet is not just a book to read, it is a spiritual journey to experience. It may take three or more days to complete the reading of this tiny book. I could only read about a third at a time because it is saturated in wisdom and many of the chapters want to be read and read again, until they are absorbed into your soul and written on your heart."But if you love and must needs have desires,let these be your desires:To melt and be like a running brook thatsings its melody to the night." ~Kahlil Gibran~The Rebecca Review
Gibrhan's work is timeliness and lovely.  He tooks up many subjects ranging from friendship, parenting, love, war; covers the gamet.  Many wonderful quotes you have seen in this lifetime come from this book.  I highly recommend.
When i ordered this book i knew it was worth it. The Prophet teaches us about life with its pains, sorrows, joy and love and much more. This book deserves more than five stars, i highly recommend it.
The prevailing popularity of Gibran's PROPHET lies in only one secret: he writes his poems with readers in his mind. The compassionate poet I come to know through his lines, Gibran did not write to impress, shock or confuse but to communicate truth with highest poetic beauty. THE PROPHET addresses 27 essential subjects of life that concerns everyone - love, freedom, children, work, self-knowledge, friendship, time, beauty, death to name a few. I have this book for many years but this is a kind of poetry that ripens with time and each time you take a sip, it still surprises you with refreshing revelations. Also recommended are his less known books, A TEAR AND A SMILE, SAND AND FOAM and THE GARDEN OF THE PROPHET.
I love love love love love this book. I received it with in a week of ordering - in awesome condition. I'm now sending it to a loved one in Canada as a graduation gift. Thank you sender :)
This should be on the booklist for every child before graduating HS.The textbook of LIFE.My 9 year old thinks so too..
Seldom has there been a book that I have read time and time again as much as this one.  I have given this book numerous times to people as a small gift.  I have used this book in my son's christening when he was a baby and on numerous holidays.  These words are every bit as relevant when they were written.  For all time, this book still ranks in my top 5.
This is simply one of the best books I've ever read, and re-read, and carry with me to refer to different passages all the time. I love it!!
The Prophet is an elegant and beautifully crafted piece of art that eloquently states Universal Truths concerning all pertinent aspects of ourlive. These include love, death, justice, art, etc. It's divine poetr that could have only been inspired by the creator of this magnificent world.Highly recommended.
This is a very usefull book that can be used as a secondary source for your primary religious texts. Not only does it give you excellent prophetic sayings, but when reading anyone could have a diffrent interpretation. Here is some things you could look to find:-Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.-Say not, "I have found the truth," but rather, "I have found a truth."-Say not, "I have found the path of the soul," but rather, " I have met the soul walking upon my path."  For the soul walks upon all paths.-You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.-For what is evil, but good tortured by it's own hunger and thurst.-And beauty is not a need, but an ecstasy.-Who can seperate his faith from his actions, or his belief from his occupation.-To judge you by your failures is to cast blame upon the seasons for their inconsistency.-No man can reveal to you aught but that wich is already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.-If he is indeed wise he does not bid you enter the house of his wisdom, but rather leads you to the threshhold of your own mind.-And even as each of you stands alone in god's knowledge, so must each of you be alone in his knowledge of God and his understanding of the earth.
Despite the designation [Audio CD] when I ordered item 9562910318 I received a paperback book.  Because I wanted it in Audio CD format, I returned it for a refund.
goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood what else can I say. lol very goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood read I hope you enjoy it. I bought paper back and it came fairly quickly. thanks
I recently reread this after many years and found the words to resonate with wisdom and spiritual centeredness. The book can be enjoyed and read with profit by people from all faiths and traditions. Each will find some treasure that speaks to their heart. There is nothing in THE PROPHET that would contradict or conflict with any of the sacred texts of the world's major religions. It somehow encompasses the teachings of all of them in a secular and beautiful work of literature.
This belongs in EVERY spiritual persons home library. Easy reading on easy spiritual truths!!!
This book was a philosophical touchstone for insecure Boomers of the mid-1970s. Everybody I knew in those days had to be able to discuss it intelligently or risk being thought to have a gap in our characters as people. A folk/ talking blues singer of that era (I forget who) referred to this book in a lyric:"...a copy of Kahlil Gibran's 'The Prophet' with all the significant passages highlighted--the whole damn BOOK was highlited..."In truth, the whole phenomenon was symptomatic of the societal immaturity of my generation as young adults. It taught us all sorts of theoretical concepts of human nature that were not necessarily reflective of the real world--consideration, the dignity of each person, peace, love, repudiation of prejudice--all of this in a world that anything but reflected such beliefs in Gibran's day. And except for the hippy-dippy pseudo-enlightenment we tried to cram down the world's throat in our day, our peculiar era was no better. We just used Gibran and other such philosophers to peer-pressure one another into self-defeating meekness. If someone you knew was erudite enough to understand philosophy but didn't have the moxie to stand up to people when he should, Gibran was the ideal way to make him a bona fide doormat and make him think he liked it. I won't even try to speculate how "relevant" Gibran is nowadays. From the perspective of a sadder but wiser man--or at least not quite as stupid--I give you this Sting lyric from the song "Consider Me Gone" for consideration:"To search for perfectionIs all very wellBut to wait for HeavenIs to live here in Hell"
This book has changed my life. A friend loaned me her copy of the book when I was going through a severe depression, and through reading it and pondering what the book says about understanding yourself, the world around you, and life in general I was able to get &quot;back on track&quot; in my life. I loved it so much that I purchased my own copy and have re-read the book several times since. I would recommend it to anybody who is going through a tough time in their life, or just wants a better understanding of what &quot;the meaning of life&quot; truly is.
I was surprised by the wisdom and insight of Gibran's writing.  Soulful and poetic.
&#34;Your joy is your sorrow unmasked.And the selfsame well from which your laughter rises was oftentimes filled with your tears.And how else can it be?The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain.&#34; page 29
The author is way before his time. A true visionary with a pure and simplistic approach to the "Keys of Life". Hard to believe that all this was composed circa 1928.  R. Steel
The Prophet is one of the best books ever written!!  It is timeless. Provides inspiration and guidance for any situation in your life . I recommended highly. I purchased to give it as a present and my friend loves it!! I love it too!!
This is a wonderful expression of some of the fundamental truths of human nature and existence. This little book is always on my desk and every now and I revisit it again and ruminate over the wisdom that Al Mustafa gives to the people of the city of Orphalese.As Al Mustafa prepares to leave Orphalese after 12 years, the seeress Almitra implores,"Yet this we ask ere you leave us, that you speak to us and give us of your truth.And we shall give it unto our children, and they unto their children, and it shall not perish.In your aloneness you have watched with our days, and in your wakefulness you have listened to the weeping and laughter of our sleep.Now therefore disclose us to ourselves, and tell us all that has been shown you of that which is between birth and death."...and thus begins the beautiful explanation of love, marriage, children, houses, clothes, teaching, talking, religion and many more. Actually you can read this entire book online, so you don't necessarily need to purchase one to enjoy it. Some of my favorite ones include, On Houses, On Teaching, On Talking and On religion.and he parts by saying ,"Less hasty am I than the Wind, yet I must go.We wanderers, ever seeking the lonelier way, begin no day where we have ended another day; and no sunrise finds us where sunset left us"
Nuggets of wisdom for everyday living !Truly a timeless master piece by one of the best known philosophers.Give ample time to it while reading.
Quote from The Prophet &#34;You are good when you walk to your goal firmly and bold steps. Yet you are not evil when you go thither limping. Even those who limp go not backwards&#34;.This book has wise views from the author about all areas of our lives like love, marriage, crime, knowledge, pain...etc, it's written in semi poetic way with simple writing.
I became aware of The Prophet when Bob Dylan mentioned it in his book Chronicles Vol. 1. Since then the book has been in the back of my mind, but I did not actively search for it. About a week ago I found an old hardcover copy of the book at my house, and remembering Bob Dylan's praise of it, I decided to give it a shot.The book itself is an easy read at 96 pages. But the cliche phrase "quality over quantity" comes to mind here as Gibran manages to load the book with morals and truisms to live life by. Gibran sees life and the world for all its beauty and his way of expressing and sharing his beliefs is absolute perfection.
Kahlil Gibran does an excellent job in this book. He writes down the emotions and the truths; things you do, but couldn't say on paper. My favorite line is, &quot;The Depth of love, is not known until the hour of seperation.&quot;
I have my own and just love the writings in this book, so I purchased it for my friend and her husband. Apparently it arrived within a couple days, as Amazon said it would, but as far as the quality I couldn't say because I don't have the book in my hands and my friend didn't say anything about it either.
This book never ages, it is sincerely ageless...
this is a great book if you want to have spiritual understanding and wisdom provided by Kahlil Gibran and is essentially an easy read
I love the Prophet and tend to buy copies to give to people who may need it's message.  I don't ever loan mine out because it never comes back!  This book speaks on all matters human!  I've owned it since I was 14 and go back to it constantly.  I especially love the sections on children, love and marriage.  It's a wonder insightful read and I highly recommend it.  It's also rather spiritual which is lovely.  It's not like the bible, but easy to read and take in.  It can give you peace when you need it.  Please consider adding it to your library.
My book was moldy, it smells bad. Extremely sad because this is such a lovely book. I wish the seller would have kept it in better condistion or at least for warned the buyer that the book is full if mold and sold at half price!
I receivedd my book very fast, I was completly satisfied with my purchase.
&#34;And the selfsame well from which your laughter rises was oftentimes filled with your tears. And how else can it be? The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain. Is not the cup that holds your wine the very cup that was burned in the potter's oven?&#34;I first came across this in a high school class on the spiritual journey, and it's remained by my side ever since. Gibran's poetic, graceful writing touches upon issues central to human life. A deeply moving work that I cannot recommend enough.
This book still holds all the philosophical magic 70 years after Gibran wrote it.  He managed to distill some basic truths about life and they are as applicable now as they were then.
Have had this particular book for many years. I have given it to family and friends. Especially young  woman. For me, it put life in proper perspective and especially helpful when both my children moved to Europe. Think there is something for everyone.
The folks have been patient and kind and very prompt. I am new at all of this so my thank you . I would order from all of these people again
the content is just too religious and focuses on ethnocentric implied religion, and the size is just for small for page turning...
One of the classics that everyone should read. It is also one of the most profound books that is this short.
I was feeling down and low recently and a friend gave me this book. I  couldn't put it down and I was astonished at how beautiful it is. It made  me see the logic of love, marriage, sharing, etc.... Reading it once is  never enough. It's a real gem and i don't think i'm the only person who  will highly recommend it.
I can never quite make up my mind on this book. I read it years ago and was also somewhat puzzled by it. Rereading it I feel vague inspiring feeling, and the other a kind of vague repulsion. I see many many readers are inspired by the work. I myself feel it to be a kind of sentimental popular mixture of Whitman and Zarathustra, but without the great lyric sweeping of the former or the fierce intellectual irony of the latter.I believe the most famous section of the work of twenty- six poetic essays is the one on 'Love"Here is some of this:"Love gives naught but itself and takes naught but from itself.Love possesses not nor would it be possessed;For love is sufficient unto love.When you love you should not say, "God is in my heart," but rather, I am in the heart of God."And think not you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course.Love has no other desire but to fulfil itself.But if you love and must needs have desires, let these be your desires: To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night.To know the pain of too much tenderness.To be wounded by your own understanding of love;And to bleed willingly and joyfully.To wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving;To rest at the noon hour and meditate love's ecstasy;To return home at eventide with gratitude;And then to sleep with a prayer for the beloved in your heart and a song of praise upon your lips.I am reminded when I read this of Bellow's description of the healer in 'Seize the Day' Dr. Temkin. On the one hand he says and thinks that it is phony  , and on the other he hears certain things and says ' True , True.'.I must admit my reaction remains mixed. I do not feel it is really poetic truth of the highest value, but I do not feel it is without value either.
I received 3 copies of the profit plus some other books.  All arrived fine and quickly.  I have already wrapped and sent them offfor Christmas gifts, so I don't remember which one came from where.  I am satisfied with my order.
Should we, could we all walk through life in such an enlightened state? What a wonderful peaceful world it would be. How can we deny that Kahlil Gibran was directed by the Gods to deliver a message: "be as one, live in the light, love is the only answer!" and so I paraphrase, but in truth, it is a way of life that is essential to the well-being of mankind.
If I have ever read a book that is timeless, other than the Word of God, it would have to be this one.  Although I may not have agreed with every word written, so many of the words of wisdom within these pages brought peace and comfort to me.I read this book many, many years ago.  I quoted from it at times and thought of it often. The words seemed to wrap themselves around your heart and spring out in times of need. There are not many books that can stake that claim, and I have read many.A classic in my opinion and a book that will never be outdated.Recommended.
This book is a classic. I always end up giving it to someone as a gift and then have to buy another. Spiritual words of wisdom with simplicity and depth. I love this book.
I love this book. It is my all time favorite. This copy is nice with some of Gibran's illustrations included.
As summarized so eloquently by Christine Baker, this book is certainly 'an eclectic spiritual guide'.  It is interesting to note that 'Kahlil' means 'chosen one, the beloved friend' and 'Gibran' means 'the healer or comforter of souls'.  Does this not describe Christ and would not this description hold true for the prophet Mohammed as well?
Kahlil Gibran is my favorite poet, and his book: The Prophet has changed my outlook on many aspects of life.  I am grateful that Amazon sent this book so rapidly because I couldn't wait to begin searching its pages for its in-depth truths.  It is not only inspiring, but it also adds philosophical insight to such subjects as reincarnation and brings to light the meaning of life. Each page of this book brings a greater spiritual awakening and opens the door to a deeper understanding of what is important! This book is life-altering!
I dont understand why this would be, but my book showed up with an extra book inside. I have the entire user manual for a computer program that has been bound halfway through the book. I don't understand why that's there and I would have to destroy the book to take the 270 pages of extra random text out.Bizarre...
one of the great books of our time.  It's profound & inspirational.  I still refer toit when I'm in trouble
I first stumbled across Gibran in a quote a firend shared with me while I was going through a divorce. The quotes on Pain, Joy and Sorrow, and Love became touchstones. This is a very touching perceptive work.
I highlighted or wanted to highlight almost every word.  So much beautiful metaphor, and profound wisdom here.  I wish everyone read this and took it to heart.
I have heard much about this book and finally decided to read it. Wow! I could not put it down. A must for everybody seeking truth and poetry.
This is a very beautiful book. It contains a lovely section on marriage, emphazing the importance of seperate identities between lovers.
This may be a short book, but it is full of insight. It is perfect to dip into at odd moment for that renewed spiritual focus or uplift, or just as good to read in one sitting. It is a classic with good reason and cuts to the core with it's deceptively simple style. There is much depth to this book to be explored and comes highly recommended.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
Have you ever read a line, first you feel the language is beautiful and next a thought, even a reality hits you? And even after you have finished, the message keeps playing on and on in your mind? Well, this book is one of them (if you have luckily found other books by other author).It is the exploration of self, soul, community, nature, and universe. No matter what religion you hold, from where you came or who/what you are. This is a book for every human being to know and keep in perspective what they are doing everyday.
One of my greatest regrets is not reading my parents' copy in the 24 years of my life before I finally read &quot;The Prophet&quot;.  Kahlil Gibran has convincingly rebutted that sector of society that tells us to limit our horizons, to make prejudgements about others, and to confine our existence inside an asphyxiatingly narrow box, seeing nothing but black and white. In my humble opinion, the Prophet has declared that gray is the color of life.
I find myself quoting this book constantly. This is a nice book to give as a gift, because it covers such a range of life topics and has such wisdom to convey. I also find myself referencing it's knowledge when providing advice to friends. It's an absolute classic that calms your spirit.
This is by far one of the greatest books ever written. Gibran has written a poetic masterpiece with guidelines for our lives. I have reread it countless times and never tire of its simple yet profound wisdom. Everyone I have recommended it to has enjoyed it and recommended it to others.
An easy read but complex and deep... incredible book in the simplicity of thinking....  It was suggested to me by a friend, and I'm SO glad that I took his advice!
I turn to The Prophet for perspective whenever life gets distorted and seems to be on its own track. This book offers poetic and visionary commentary on some of the most vital points of living, and does so in a creative, thought-provoking way. I first learned of Kahlil Gibran and The Prophet during a sermon at a Unitarian Universalist church, and I ran to get the book. It's occupied an important place on my bookshelf ever since. It helps me realize that life is a process, and letting go is a big part of moving forward. It also reminds me to be mindful of how I think about and interact with the world. It keeps things in perspective. The Prophet is an inspirational read.
Now this is a MUST READ kind of book. simple yet very deep. makes you look within  yourself and realized what you are doing with life and what you can do better. Highly recommend it to anyone looking for insight of self and spirituality.
I have loved this book for years, so I bought enough for my whole book club to share it with them.  The writing is wonderful, and stimulates thought, charity and love, and better actions towards ourselves, others, and the world.
A little bit more damage on the back cover then I expected but the inside is what matters, and it was in great condition!Thanks/1
What a beautiful collection of prose/poetry.  Gibran was way ahead of his time.  There is not one piece in The Prophet that wouldn't make you reflect on your own life/heart/mind at least a little.
I picked up this book later in life after many family hardships befell me.  Rather than looking to religion or self help books an honest and humble friend read versus from this book to me.  Having loved poetry and free verse most of my life I was struck with vivid beauty in the simplicity of the words that graced my ears that night.  Kahlil Gibran in his day was renowned for his prose and how he carried it with the same simplicity that met my ear that night.  In his finest work he left an indelible mark on my soul, not just for his words but how his words and their importance can change to the reader throughout their life.  Regardless of religion, social preference or upbringing his words have the ability to stir the soul and to channel emotion to a strong degree.  Once a gift for my late mother in her dying days it remains not a pillar of strength but a pedestal on life.  Not a road map but a way to look at your surroundings when the path before you seems clouded.  It gives you not direction but focuses on finding a clearer path.  I've read several of Gibran's other works since then but this stands the test of time.  If I could ever call any writing a masterpiece, this would be it, for I still read it and still draw from it every time I pick it up.
Item received as described and in a timely fashion.  Price is right, accurate description, and on time delivery - Any transaction doesn't get much better than that!
I have no memory of buying this book but I had it when I was a kid and loved it. Maybe I should buy it again . I have no idea where it is now
Very few people these days are capable of deep thought; Hence, one must go back in time to find something worthwhile to read.  The Prophet Illuminates, The Prophet guides, and The Prophet produces.  I wrote and  published Excape From The Human Race before I'd ever seen or read The  Prophet.  There is an uncanny similarity between my book and The Prophet.  Both the contents and the book covers are eerily alike. The Prophet is a  little book written by a big mind.
Love this book... Had heard portions of it quoted at weddings and always wanted to read the entire book- I was NOT disappointed.  Easy read, yet thought provoking.
Great little book full of (seemingly) common sense.  Should be read by any judgemental person or religomanic.  Should be cheaper!
I've always been leery of books of this nature and do not follow any organized religon. But something magical happens when you read The Prophet. You feel as if Gibran's philosophy is an innate part of your being down to the core of your soul. The perfect spirtual elixir that leaves you buzzing with the feeling that this is spot on. If you need something to turn you insideout this is it. Seldom have i ever cried reading a book. Wonderful.
I have read and reread The Prophet repeatedly since it was given to me circa 1976.  The words go together beautifully and express fundamental truths of life in a way that drives the core belief home to me regardless of how I feel when I read them.  Gibran's statement that &quot;...your children are not your children...&quot; has helped me many times as my four children (two still in college) were aimed by the Archer on the infinite target with a reluctant bow.The wisdom of Gibran's prophet is practical.  The practicality of The Prophet lies in the refinements of Gibran's words to express the prophet's instructions in as few words as possible.  He has done this through careful use of similitude.  I think that those persons familiar with the teachings of the Bible and Jesus will quickly recognize the rightness of the prophet's sayings.
I just love Gibran. I have most of his writings. It took him 9 years to finish this little book, and it is so spiritual, not religious. It is a book of love. I highly recommend this work to everyone.
At least 6 out of 5 stars! "The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain", is my favourite quote from this classic book of magical mystical poetry and philosophy. There is insight and wisdom on every page. 25 years after someone first leant me a copy, it seems to have more relevance to life's fundamental challenges than ever.Kahlil Gibran tells the story of Almastafa's departure from the city of Orphalese. As he leaves, the prophet (Almastafa) shares his thoughts on just about every aspect of the human experience. "Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding", "Work is love made visible", "And think not that you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course".However "The Prophet" is much more than a few inspiring self-help quotes. More a case of some of the deepest Eastern wisdom, universally applicable to the human condition. Long may it continue to inspire countless numbers of people around the world.
It is a true masterpiece in which almost every, if not every word counts.  I have read it over and over again, since a girlfriend gave me a copy just before I left for Berkeley to attend law school.  I have given copies to many friends, and recommended to others that they buy it and read it carefully.There is enormous wisdom in each chapter, especially given the materialistic and secular world in which we live - which often seems for many people to be devoid of meaning or any spiritual underpinnings.  Gibran cuts through to the beauty and essence of Life, and his words are just as profound today as when they were written in the early years of the last century.This book should be recommended reading for any young person who is old enough to wonder what Life is really all about.  Indeed, it can be picked up at any age, and it offers insights that are brilliant and beautifully written.I urge anyone, who is thinking about buying it, to do so.  Just peruse a copy at a local bookstore or library, and you are apt to become enthralled.  It may take several readings to soak up its essence; and even after many years, I still find nuances and learn more each time I reread it.
"Say not, 'I have found the truth,' but rather, 'I have found a truth.'"--Kahlil GibranAs you read, Gibran's poetry brings spiritual and visual beauty to life within you.  Gibran is justly famous for rich metaphors that brilliantly highlight the pursuit of Truth and Goodness amidst all the darkness and light of human nature.This is a book to read alone or with a partner, to give and receive, to go back to again and again.Note: the excerpts available in Amazon's "Search This Book" facility unfortunately do not do "The Prophet" justice, since only the book's introduction is included, whereas the wisdom does not begin unfolding until a bit later.  Therefore I've taken the liberty of including here another excerpt which more properly demonstrates the gentle power of Gibran's writing.---And a woman who held a babe against her bosom said, "Speak to us of Children."And he said:Your children are not your children.They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.They come through you but not from you,And though they are with you, yet they belong not to you.You may give them your love but not your thoughts.For they have their own thoughts.You may house their bodies but not their souls,For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.You may strive to be like them, but seek not to make them like you.For life goes not backward nor tarries with yesterday.You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth.The archer sees the mark upon the path of the infinite, and He bends you with His might that His arrows may go swift and far.Let your bending in the archer's hand be for gladness;For even as He loves the arrow that flies, so He loves also the bow that is stable.
Ive long held this book close to my soul. it is simple, not complicated and speaks to many aspects of our daily lives. Confused when a loved one dies, read, the on dieing pages. falling in love, read the on marriage pages, are you a mother with concerns, read the gift of his wisdom to you within these pages! Keep this tiny book close to your heart, it holds huge rewards to living in peace!
A worthwhile read for anyone exploring their consciousness. Put it on the shelf or store it on your Kindle because it is a great reference guide when faced with life's challenges.
Great book; I shared with my co-workers and haven't gotten it back yet so everyone at work is enjoying the book as much as I did....
Just buy it and read it everyday for the rest of your life. This book is so full of wisdom and life, it is awesome.
It was to be sent to my granddaughter and she did not receive it...so can't give you a review..Hope you can figure out what happened to it.thanks  Donna Van Wyhe  810 Mendocino Dr.  Ukiah Ca 95482[[AS IN:B001AGWEMK The Prophet]]
A very short book, only 133 pages published in 1926. To be honest I have no idea why I downloaded this. I have a vague memory of listening to a radio programme on the author some time ago, which I found interesting, so it must have been that!  Gibran is described in Wikipedia as, 'the third best selling poet of all time, behind Shakespeare and Laozi.'The book is written in bible-esque so if you are not a fan of that or indeed of religion it may not be a book for you.  On the other hand and bearing in mind this was published in 1926 almost every passage can be related to every single one of us and our lives today.There are no chapter numbers in this short volume but they are defined by the questions asked of 'The Prophet' by the assembled town folk as he prepares to leave them, returning to his 'home'.MarriageChildrenGivingEating and DrinkingWorkJoy and SorrowCrime and PunishmentFreedomReason and PassionPainTeachingFriendshipGood and EvilPrayerPleasureReligionDeathSo many of the words written by Gibran over 80 years ago, must surely, if you are tempted to purchase this book, resonate with something in your life today and his simple but reasoning outlook will remind you to step back and reflect on how you look at life and maybe think that there is something that you can do to change, for the better, on how you interact with others and with yourself!I'm not saying that I have had a religious or moral epiphany while reading this book, I personally still have no idea whether I am an atheist, agnostic or just a plane old fence sitter waiting for something different or better to come along, if that is indeed possible.  I did write somewhere in regard to the Bible, and I suppose in the same tone the Koran would be included, that I look upon the former as a good novel and if only more people would read it (them) without the religious zealotry and bigotry surrounding it (them), the world would probably be a far better place for all humankind, but that aint gonna happen.  But that should not take away from the fact that there are important life lessons in these works that are as relevant today as they were when they were written, as Mr Gibran's words, I believe, fall firmly within that description.Enjoy.....Editing for Kindle: 4 out 5Reading Enjoyment: 5 out of 5Plot:Overall Rating: 5 out of 5Chapters:Page length: 133
Beautiful, wholly accessible, brought tears to my eyes.  As graceful as Jesus' parables must have been when freshly spoken, without the distortion of time and culture and multiple translations.  The Prophet had been on my list of "oh yeah, I've heard about it and probably should read it one day" books.  A friend's recommendation bumped it from there into my Kindle.  This is the book that motivated me to learn how to underline and save notes, the Kindle equivilent of dog-earing my favorite parts.  (Somehow less satisfying than a dog-ear, but really easy to retrieve later.)Other books that have made it from the list to my shopping cart sit largely unread because they are just too much work.  I probably won't read Don Quixote, for example, until I'm sitting on the Spanish Med and polishing my classic Spanish.  Easy AND good for you.  How perfect is that?
I was given this book as a gift for my high school graduation, and it is the most useful present I received. I am frequently rereading different sections of this book in my (not really) spare time, despite having a million things to do, like any pre-med college student. This book uses language beautifully, and the ideas contained really aren't what most people come to when reflecting upon the various topics. Uplifting and calming, this book is one of (if not my all time) favorite, and my go-to when I am feeling unsure in any aspect of life. I would wholeheartedly recommend this book, and I quote it often.
This book is just what I was looking for. It helps make a little sense if this crazy world we live in. I found it to be inspirational and helpful.
Great writing about children, being sons and daughters of life longing to be themselves.This was a great chapter for my sons.
Gibran may be a poet, rather than a true prophet - but the simple truths in this book seem applicable to all religions. The short passages on love, children, pain, beauty, death and other timeless topics are full of insight and inspiration, but completely lacking in the politics and self-righteousness that pervade so many religions. This book is goodness, plain and simple, and it changed my life more than any other book I can recall reading.
Must have read it  a dozen times over the years and i still find Lines to reflect on and help me to be a better person
If I were shipwrecked on a desert island and could only take one book, this would have to be it. Never have I read such a compassionate discourse on the very issues which we all think about each day, no matter if it is  1923 or 2003. Work, marriage, love: each subject is treated with a short  essay that will challenge everything you have ever been taught. Gibran's  words also give comfort to the reader when ordinary counsel has left him  lost.  Each reader should re-read this book every 10 years. Although  Gibran's words never change, you have; it is like meeting up with an old  trusted friend...you are home.
I plan to buy this book,and a few others,that I had a long time ago. To write a better review I would need to refresh myself on Eastern or Middle Eastern mysticism;Persian more specifically,Sufism and also the background of Kahlil Gibran.What I can say is that these small stories or parables or fables are Zen-like; thought-provoking and instructive. I loved this book when I read it and I wrote one of my (still) best poems while I was in the state of mind this book put me in. (I'm positive it was just after I turned 16 because I have memories connected to reading it in my room with an open window and hearing a Friday night football game in the distance from the high school...and not wanting to go to another football game because I had to free my friend from the outside port-a-potty after my other friend thought she was being funny and held the door closed when the other girl was going to come out....and naturally my claustrophobic friend started screaming and freaking out. She did the same thing I would do.Anyone of any age can enjoy this book,I just wish I had a copy around so I could refresh my memory and do a more detailed review. Of course I'm sure I would have read it more than the one time I read it, if I did have the same copy I had when I was a teenager. I always read books I really like more than one time.This book and The Little Prince by Saint Exupery;Siddhartha,Demian and Steppenwolf (all by Herman Hesse) are books I read at the same time period and that I also don't have anymore,either because I gave my copy to someone;or,had bought another copy for myself and also gave that copy away, or,they just went the way of all things,as things go...in time (and my 16th birthday was quite awhile ago...sigh.... 16 has also "gone the way of all things"....but not completely!)Anyone who likes The Prophet (or any of the other titles I mentioned) can consider themselves lucky if they have a friend who has read,or who has one of these books on their bookshelves;or who has a friend that would also appreciate this type of literature. (It's  "A Beatles Thing". Not so much connected to The Beatles, but people who like the same type of music always like their friends more,when their friends like the same type of music that they like. Beatles, Zeppelin,Pink Floyd,Rob Zombie, Black Sabbath or Godsmack...Or Johann Sebastian Bach...writing or music,it's still art. And we just feel more comfortable with people who have interests or feelings or an intellect similar to our own. ....Aesthetic magnetism is a vibration more in tune with the spirit;and everyone is in love with their soul-mate(s)...to have common ground; or be in sympathy with one another on a deeper level than the common plane of the inescapable movements of the mundane.)....Anyone reading The Prophet,and finding themselves on common ground with the author,will find gratification,and will know exactly what I mean in what I wrote in this short review.
The Prophet, had come up in discussion.  My friend was at work, and I work from home.  She said she did not have a copy - I immediately came to Amazon.com and found this great deal.  I asked my friend about the quality of the book when it arrived, and she said it was like new.  I told her, then we got a great deal.  Again, thank you.  JDC
The Prophet Almustafa waits in the city of Orphalese for his ship to take him home.  For twelve years he has loved, cried, laughed, taught, dreamt, and lived with strangers.  He is joyous when he sees the sails on the horizon.  &quot;Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his pain and aloneness without regret?&quot;What can a poor man leave for those he has learned to love?  Almustafa walks through the city, across the sands, toward the shore; as he does, he pauses to answer the questions of the heart.  &quot;Nor is it a thought I leave behind me, but a heart made sweet with hunger and thirst.&quot;His words will pass from generation to generation in Orphalese.  The metaphor is reality, for the wisdom of his celebration of life is as powerful today as it was when it was published in 1923.Some of my favorite passages are:Of Joy and Sorrow -- &quot;The deeper the sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain.  Is not the cup that holds your wine the very cup that was burned in the potter's oven?&quot;Of Giving -- &quot;You give but little when you give of your possessions.  It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.&quot;Of Reason and Passion -- &quot;Your reason and your passion are the rudder and the sails of your seafaring soul.&quot;Of Time -- &quot;You would make a stream upon whose bank you would sit and watch its flowing.  Yet, the timeless in you is aware of life's timelessness.  And knows that yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream.&quot;Each phrase carries you from one thought to another.  The profoundness of his truth is not gleaned until the words are read many times.  The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran is extraordinary, and will always be one of my favorite books of philosophy, poetry, wisdom, mysticism, and prose.Victoria Tarrani
I first read it as a senior in high school. When I moved away from home I reread it often, chronologically and not-so.  I have offered my copy to others and recommended it to many.  It is nuanced and timeless.
Gibran's Prophet is the best example of how simple prose can be used to convey deep and powerful statement. As the name suggests, the book just recounts some sermons given by a prophet. The themes discussed include love, family, friendship, freedom, etc. This is one of those classsics that one must own and read every once in a while, for the wisdom in these words is bound to make every reader a better, completer person. It is a spiritual prose, full of deep insight and inspiration for one and all.Some qoutes that I particularly like:And ever it has been that love knows not his own depth until the hour of separation.When love beckons to you, follow him, though his ways are hard and steep.Work is love made visible.Your joy is your sorrow unmasked.The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy can it contain.Your house is your larger body.And how shall you punish those whose remorse is already greater than thier misdeeds.For reason, ruling alone is a force confining;And passion, unattended is a flame that burns to its own destruction.Your pain is breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.For self is a sea, boundless and measureless.For vision of one man lends not its wings to another man.In longing for your giant self lies your goodness and that longing is in all of you.Trust your dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
The Prophet is one of those books that you refer to often over the years.  And to have it on my Kindle, so I can take it anywhere, is a real treat!
If you can read then read this book.  After that, find somebody who can't read and read it to them.  It's that good.
this is a book that I purchased for myself many years ago.  It is as current today as it was when I purchased it.  Kahlil Gibrahn is able to capture the thoughts concerning all aspects of life and relationships that make good sense of what life should and could be.
I admire the philosophy of this author. This book is ageless and inspirational, should be one of those mandatory books for high school.
Beautifuly written book, and as you read it again over the years you find more and more meaning in it.
"The Prophet" is Almustafa, called "the chosen and the beloved," who has lived twelve years in the foreign city of Orphalese, and is now waiting for the ship that is to come and take him back to the isle of his birth.  Just as the ship appears, all the men and women of the community, including the elders of the city and the priests and priestesses, come to say farewell.  They ask him to stay, but he refuses.  Then the local seeress named Almitra addresses him as "Prophet of God" and asks him to speak to them of love and then marriage.  After this, others ask him to speak of various subjects, some lofty such as children, giving, and joy and sorrow, and others more mundane, such as eating and drinking, work, houses, and buying and selling.  There are in fact a total of 26 short chapters in which "the Prophet" holds forth before he takes his leave.  Kahlil Gibran was born Gubran Khalil Gibran to a Maronite Catholic family in the historic town of Bsharri in modern-day Lebanon, then part of the Ottoman Empire. His mother Kamila was the daughter of a priest.  When his father was imprisoned for embezzlement, Kamila decided to follow her brother to the United States, settling in the South End of Boston, MA, then the second largest Lebanese-American community in the United States. Due to a mistake at school, he was registered as Kahlil.As a young man Gibran studied art and began a literary career.  His first book for the Alfred A. Knopf publishing company, was The Madman in 1918, a slim volume of aphorisms and parables written in a Biblical-like cadence somewhere between poetry and prose.  The Prophet is said to be an early example of "inspirational fiction" consisting of a series of philosophical essays written in poetic English prose.  The book became especially popular during the 1960s with the American counterculture and New Age movements.  Much of Gibran's writings seems based on Christianity, but his mysticism reveals a convergence of several other influences as well, including Islam, Sufism, Hinduism, and theosophy.  To illustrate the relativistic nature of Gibran's theology, "the Prophet" says, "Say not, `I have found the truth,' but rather, `I have found a truth.'"  Jesus said, "You shall know THE truth" (John 8:32), and, "I am the way, THE truth, and the life" (John 14:6).  Gibran followed The Prophet with The Garden of The Prophet, which narrates Almustafa's discussions with nine disciples following his return after an intervening absence and was published posthumously in 1933.  Gibran had died in New York City, NY, on April 10, 1931; the cause was determined to be cirrhosis of the liver and tuberculosis.I would never have gone out and purchased this book myself.  However, I have heard of it all my life.  It is supposed to be a classic and a "spiritual masterpiece," so when I found it in my father's library after his death, I decided to keep it and read it.  My reaction is, "Ugh."  As far as I am concerned, it is mostly pantheistic nonsense.  Someone might say, "It's all Greek to me," but since I took two years of Greek in college, if it were "all Greek" I might be able to make some sense of it.  I'll just say it's all gobblety-gook to me.  The Chicago Post said that The Prophet "brings to one's ears the majestic rhythm of Ecclesiastes."  Ecclesiastes I can understand; The Prophet I do not!  This doesn't mean that there's nothing good in it.  The ravings of a lunatic sometimes contain a kernel of truth.  Even a broken clock is right twice a day.  However, there is nothing of value that might be gained from The Prophet which can't be learned a whole lot better by simply reading the Bible.  Besides, ten of the twelve full-page drawings by the author are rather immodest and consist solely of nude figures.  Of course, this is not surprising when you read what "the Prophet" says about clothes.  "Your clothes conceal much of your beauty, yet they hide not the unbeautiful.  And though you seek in garments the freedom of privacy you may find in them a harness and a chain.  Would that you could meet the sun and the wind with more of your skin and less of your raiment."  Oh, by the way, even as simply "poetry" it just doesn't do anything for me.  It is not a book that I would recommend to anyone under any circumstances.
Book offers amazing Philosphy and at the same time delivers perspective on any thing life. The Prophet is a must read.
My mother read this book a long time ago and recommended it to me but I never read it. I just recentlyu read in (June 2006) and glad I finally did. This book short essays on the different aspects of life. These are teachings and they are meant to inspire and advise. They are written in such a way so that the words are not rammed down your throat.
One of the ten best books I have ever read. A must for any on the path to Self-awareness. A book of profound understanding of the human dance. Gibran's writing in general is in a class by itself, and The Prophet is his finest work.
Not to be confused with THE good Book. Typical eastern philosophy and good food for thought. I liked this book. I thought it was inspiring.
An old world look on life from the viewpoint of a prophet which is surprisingly still appropriate for the world we live in today.
I found this book when I was 14 years old and snooping through my older sisters bedroom.  I sat there and read it until she got home (and I got yelled at for being in her room!)  Here I was...a self absorbed teenage girl, caught up in my woes and romances and clothes.  The words pulled me out of myself and into my own heart.  They've lingered with me since that time (23 years ago) and I still love them.  I've given this book to countless friends and I've had the passage on Friendship read by the guests at my wedding.  This book is just simply a very beautiful way to pause and reflect upon our relationships and perspectives.  A gentle reminder not to be fearful or attempt to be controlling.  Don't we all need that?
I've been a fan of this wonderful book since my college days (back in the dark ages).  It contains many wonderful thoughts that will always inspire.
Khalil Gibran's The Prophet is a truly awe inspiring work of prosaic poetry.  Despite being a native-born Arabic speaker, Gibran wrote The Prophet in English, ensuring that his powerful words lost nothing in translation.The work's 28 short chapters recount the words of a prophet as he leaves his home to depart on a new journey.  The words that flow from the prophet's mouth and onto the pages are philosophical and spiritual treatises on all aspects of life.  Chapters discuss the range of human experiences and include discussions such as "On Friendship", "On Pain" and "On Death."  What unites the 28 chapters is Gibran's thought provoking and probing literary style as Gibran's prophet invokes his listeners to live life to the fullest.  The book is not overtly religious but every word and sentence is filled with a spiritual clarity.The book is eminently quotable with every chapter providing a nugget of truth worthy of repeating.  Amazingly, Gibran packs his masterpiece into less than 100 pages, making it a very quick and easy read.  Readers will find themselves returning to The Prophet again and again to recapture the beauty of Gibran's words.The Prophet, which Gibran himself recognized as his greatest masterpiece, is a timeless literary classic.  Its truth has touched generations of readers and will undoubtedly continue to do so.
Kahlil Gibran gives a breathe taking farewell to the people of Oraphelese as he watches his ship come into port. The book was published in the early 1900s and has been so successful it was translated into so many languages. According to Claude Bragdon, Kahlil Gibran received his powerful wisdom from a "great reservoir of spiritual life". Indeed the title fits this divine literary work.The Prophet reads like a poem but instructs you like a manual for taking on everything that this life has to bless us with. The book imparts endless lessons on moderation and gratitude in the simplest ways imaginable.  The more I flipped the pages the more I explored what life really could be if I only learned to live without fears and anticipation. The Prophet gives a clear polarization of love, self knowledge, dreams, death and so many other prevalent subjects. More than just answers to my questions this book is sight for blind eyes and sound for deaf ears. Kahlil Gibran opens your mind and heart to the truths of existence. You will never get tired of reading this book.IF you have ever questioned time, freedom, pain or pleasure I recommend this book. The writer draws you in and challenges you to search yourself. It can definitely be passed down to the children and grandchildren. If you have a need for divine advice to get through this thing called life pick up this book.
Wow!  I gave away my previous version of this book, which was in paperback.  I am so happy with my replacement! This was in great shape, There was no writing, except for a small inscription, which was just a name at the front.  I love it!
I purchased this book because of the great reviews, It was a blind purchase but I'm happy that I made it. This book is very insightful and informative on many different aspects of life. I was able to not only grow in terms of wisdom but also in terms of being a man.
I have read this book over a hundered times in the last twenty years, and have given many copies away to friends and acquaintances. If God Himself (or Herself) were to give an opinion on various aspects of a person's life, I believe that his or her words would be very close to what Kahlil Gibran wrote in "The Prophet".
Being a Lebanese,I have loved Gibran Khalil Gibran all my life & read most of his books in both English & Arabic.You do not loose any of the contents when going through the translation process.Reading the Prophet gives me inner peace with the hustle & bustle of our material life.It is a shelter & a refuge I always seek, when I am stressed out.
A fun look at Percy's the park keeper's day off, showing he always cares about the animals in his park and is always ready to help. Clear and cute illustrations and a fun fold-out at the end. If you haven't seen any Nick Butterworth books before, you must try the Percy the Park Keeper books, and this is a great example.
My daughter constantly requests this book-much to my amusement. It is basically a lesson in please and thank you( a CONSTANT battle in our house)The illustrations are great-somewhat reminiscent of Sendak. Hey-what can it hurt??
Oh, I absolutely loved this book as a kid. I always rented it from the library when I couldn't find anything new to rent. I've been looking for it for years and I always passed this page up because its a different cover. I cant wait to buy it!
I needed a cute, simple story for my daughter to read over the holidays for Accelerated Reader points.  She likes this book and has read some of it out loud to me.  Very cute.
I thought The Enchanted Horse was a cool book.I liked it because it is easy to read and it was about a horse. It is a story about a girl and a magical horse. I liked reading it lots. If you like animals and magic I think you will like this book.
A wonderful,enchanting story.A little girl named Irina is sad and lonely.She discovers a giant horse figure in an old shop and begs to keep it.Irina loves her pretend horse so much that it turns into a real live horse!!Then it runs away!!
I still remember where this book was kept in the local library.  It was in the back right corner, on the second shelf.  I think I checked this book out every few weeks.  Somethings you forget as a kid, but this story has stuck with me from twenty years ago.The story of a girl whose love for a sad, forgotten wooden horse enables its transformation to the beautiful horse of her dreams.I bought it recently to read to my niece, and maybe one day to my own daughter.
I have one of these little Bibles.  If you are a Christian, do not be without this. It has all the notes you could want to answer other's questions. And if that is not enough, it has pages of lined empty pages to add your own. The type is small but not too small. I don't need my glasses to read it. Invaluable tool for witnessing. It is in the King James Version. It is just the right size to take with you anywhere. It fits inside my purse.It is attractive.  Good quality. Awesome!
You can get them online for $15...  not $200+.It even has a place in the back for you to track the people you've talked to and follow them up.
Robin Jarvis has crafted an excellent trilogy drawing on various mytholgies. These books are so well written, they appeal not only to young adult readers, but also children and adults. I picked up the first book but quickly realized my young children would like this as well- it has become a read-aloud treasure in our house! We will be reading and re-reading this series for many years...
After reading the first two I was expecting much of this book and Robin Jarvis has provided the best of the three. This is one exciting read, Neil returns from Glastonbury with Edie and the late Miss Veronica Webster's body only to find another more chalenging adventure waiting for him. A strange ghost hunter who he met in the previous installment has been invited into the wyrd museum and as soon as he enters the museum begins to come back to life. Old spells lying dormant begin to awake to help protect the Websters against the approaching evil forces of Woden the Gallows God. But one of Woden's agents has already infultrated the Wyrd Museum in the form of evil Warder Jack (Tick-Tock)Timms, a man bestode with time traveling powers by Woden and sent to kill the remaining Webster sisters and Edie. Assisted by his faithfull companion Quoth the Raven Neil must help to protect the Websters in this their final stand against the forces of evil.This is the biggest and most complex of the three books, it also holds some of the major character developments, Ursula Webster's constant battle against her approaching insanity, Celidine Webster already insane but driven further into the black abyss of her mind by the death of her sister Veronica. Edie makes friends with a strange new character of the Gogus a small imp but the Gogus' loyalties are unclear. Neil has a new relationship with the mysterious Ghost Hunter who has now entered the museum. Quoth also has a dilema, he is offered a choice of staying with his beloved new master Neil and being punished by having his power of speach taken away and then finally being killed or returning to his old master Woden and becoming the evil Memory once more.Also Neil's father Brain Chapmann plays a much bigger role in the happening of the Wyrd Museum, confused and afraid by all the strange events occuring he stops looking after himself and begins to loose his temper a lot easier.This amazing story boils over and with the Museum its self turning against them our heros are loosing hope for the future of the world fast. This is definatly the best of the trilogy with thrills, splills and one fantastic twist near the end.
The follow-up to The Raven's Knot and The Woven Path, this is a fast-paced, action-packed thriller whose pace doesn't let up for a minute! The villains are detestable, the young heroes are flawed but likeable and the other characters are mostly insane. The decaying Wyrd museum provides a perfect backdrop for this sad tale of the inevitability of change. That doesn't mean that there isn't a light at the end of every tunnel, and this book does contain a message of hope for the future amid a grim present.It isn't quite as moving and beautiful as the Raven's Knot, but makes up for it by being even scarier and more demanding.The characters are well drawn, especially the cruel asylum guard 'Tick-tock Jack', the Webster Sisters, hero Neil's very flawed father and best of all 'Quoth', Neil's adorable conflicted talking raven. Highly recommended.
Another excellent item by Dr. Dennis Karpowitz.  We know him personally, and my wife wanted to have his books, so we have all of them that we could find.  He is a great person, and knows what he is talking about, so we enjoy learning from him, as we trust what he says.  Great read and information.  We would highly recommend it.
Perfect audio adaptation of Shakespeare's tragedy, originally released in 1963 by The Shakepeare Recording Society, with a cast of renowned British stage actors including Paul Scofield, (Hamlet), and Diana Wynyard, (Gertrude), members of a Shakespearean troupe, who in 1955 brought the play to Moscow for the first time since 1917. The recording is aglow with expert audio depth - old English musical interludes, complex vocal readings, and subtle and dramatic sound effects. You certainly won't find a better reading of "Hamlet" anywhere. Accompanying book offers Shakespearean history and complete text of the play.
When this item arrived, I was disappointed because they sent me the abridged version and it only had four stories instead of five.  But I decided to give it a chance and I found that Basil Rathbone narrates Sherlock Holmes as good as he portrayed him on the radio or other recorded media such as "The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes," which is now on Compact Disc, with the exception of the final four episodes in the series. (But I believe they will get those on CD soon.)As to this narration itself, I felt that Mr. Rathbone set out to speak as John H. Watson, M.D. in the fashion he was so used to hearing, that of Nigel Bruce's interpretation of the character.  There are times (and I don't know if it is him or the audio cassette) but Basil Rathbone sounds more like Nigel Bruce's Dr. Watson than Rathbone's Sherlock Holmes.  I enjoyed the tape trememdously and would even recommend the abridged version to someone who is a fan of Sherlock Holmes and/or Basil Rathbone.So I do give this narration five stars with no hesitation.  My only regret is that Rathbone didn't narrate more Sherlock Holmes stories.
Ironically, the actors playing the minor roles are far more successful than those playing the major characters. Though not outstanding, John Gielgud (Angelo) acquits himself well. Margaret Leighton's Isabella is over the top. Ralph Richardson's hammy Duke is simply laughable: you'd think he reads his lines as if rehearsing them for the first time in his life (a schoolboy would have performed it better). Not recommended.
Completely unabridged audio version of The Crucible.  I use this audio as a supplement to teaching this text.  The performances by the actors are great and help bring the text to life.
This was a 'Christmas' release, but other than that it's not a holiday only type of thing;  it's a good and very popular collection of his short stories for any time of year.  We put these on in the car, and they really take your mind off the drive.  Recommended.
This historically-arranged selection of poems about warfare and its effects on the human mind, body, and heart, covers nearly 200 years between the late 1700s and the 1960s. Produced in Britain, and read by two British actors, Paul McGann and Regine Candler, it concentrates on English poets, with short forays into works by American authors.Warhorse selections - &quot;Charge of the Light Brigade&quot;, &quot;In Flanders Fields&quot; - are mixed with less well-known poems like &quot;The Dead Statesman&quot;, a surprising (at least to me) burst of post-WWI bitterness from Kipling. Glory and horror intertwine from the earliest works to the most recent, but horror dominates as the present approaches. Changes in attitudes about war and patriotism come to vivid life. The effect of hearing these works read aloud is almost one of traveling in time. Paul McGann reads the lion's share - not surprising with so masculine a subject matter-and is IMO much the better reader, tho Ms. Candler is strikingly effective in places.  The majority of works are from WWI - the period that produced so many gifted poets - and in them one hears older, strongly-held beliefs about Duty and Country clashing with the despairing fury engendered by the incomprehensible waste of trench warfare. McGann is able to bring understanding and force to everything from innocent jingoism to pity, from rage to transcendance, without forcing the material. His readings of WWII and Cold War pieces (Reed's &quot;Lessons of the War&quot;, Lowell's &quot;For the Union Dead&quot;, and McGough's &quot;Icarus Allsorts&quot; are remarkable) bring home the fear and ambivalence felt by a humanity realizing its power to destroy itself and the earth that supports it.
This whimsical character actor(who Stars) in Doctor Who tell's his life's story in morbidly dark humor making(as he adeptly does) the nonsensical sound believable.  The seriousness of his voice is in contrast to the silliness of his tellng.  These events did happen and they were bad, but he tells it as if laughing at these people(in the face) who wronged him those many years ago.  Lalla Ward, another play-phsyco was the perfect match and now I know why.  This making the obsurd sound like normal occurance is always present in the tone of these two's voice of "reason".  It is a game to them.  I was on medication for ten years for making the obsurd sound belevalbe(even though) I was kidding, apparently my(moronic) doctor thought I was serious.("I didn't give him a signal, GD." he said after the lawsuit.). Ha!  The reason Americans like Baker so much as Doctor Who is this obsurdity that he portrays in contrast to what we lack so severely in American conservative(PC) culture.  Bill Cosby or Tom Baker, you decide, herbert.  This is the audio drama of his tale the he himself reads.  Amazon has him listed as "editor" he is also the author and narrator.  The tale starts in the cerca early-mid nineteen fourties relating to a catastrophic fire and then to his life and times with abusive family and friends in his childhood and early adulthood to his career path as actor and as DW and later to the present(I assume 1993 or something).  Bazaar, full of bathroom humor and the like of brit comedy even his aunt-in-law is not saved from disgrace as "Letting the most tremendous fart."
This was to be quite frank the most depressing autobiography I have ever read. We read of a sordid life full of self-loathing and bumbling from one insanity to another. No vision. The attempts at humor are so dark to be totally unfunny. I get the feeling Tom wrote this to validate his own self-loathing and in my case it suceeded as I end up disliking this person intensely, not just for his morals and lack of inner strength but for removing my vision of him as a funny talented at times actor.Not one for faint hearts and not a book to enjoy. Neither is their any depth, what are described are a series of befuddled mixed up scenes which go nowhere to a answer the question of the title.Who is Tom Baker? Answer from this book is an almost continously depressed social inadequate, of negligible talent who somehow has survived despite being totally screwed up by events in his life. Not what I wanted to read.
It's difficult to know quite where to begin here, in the face of such overwhelming praise from so many satisfied readers. It's not that it's badly written, just that it fails to illuminate Master Georgie's life. That after all should be its purpose, particularly where, as here, that person existed and at least one of the events described took place. The author is content to conjure up others to act as prisms, which would be a useful literary device if they illuminated the central figure, but instead we see him through a glass darkly. I may be in a minority of one, but it failed to live up to my expectations.
From the first pages, this novel fails to draw one into its world to the  extent of its most recent predecessors.  The 1840s in England do not come  alive quite as well for Ms. Bainbridge as the early 1900s of her The  Birthday Boys and Every Man for Himself.  This may be a result of the  narrative coming from different observers of the events, which perforce  must take the time to limn each separate narrator as he or she appears.  While this method succeeds quite powerfully in The Birthday Boys, with the  various members of the Scott expedition continuing the story from their  differing points of view, it does not work as well here.  Master Georgie  lacks the successive stream of events, as exists in The Birthday Boys,  which could hold together the differing shifts of narrative.However, the  story takes on an absorbing sense of urgency as the 1850s arrive and the  characters shift to the Crimea.  These later episodes certainly contain the  strongest writing in this work.  Ms. Bainbridge's descriptions of war are  chillingly gruesome, even though the focus is usually only upon the fringe  of battle itself, but seem at times to be lazily gloomy.  Certainly the  atrocities of the Crimean or any war merit the most horrid descriptions,  but aside from some poignant scenes, much of the horror is conveyed through  somewhat stock descriptions of the filth, disease, deprivations and  insanity that accompany every war.  Furthermore, neither the action nor the  characters, especially the title character who throughout remains shadowy  and elusive, seem to progress substantially during these latter stages of  the novel.All in all, this is still a very fine book, that perhaps  suffers only in comparison to the author's greater works.
I'd heard so much about Bainbridge...how she has been nominated (and overlooked) for the Booker five times...how her short novels are beloved by a cultish following. So I grabbed Master Georgie while on a business trip  and buried myself in its atmosphere. I don't think I've read anyone like  her. One of the reviewers here compared the experience to browsing through  a collection of photos, and that is true. Somewhat frustrating, though, is  that - as with aged photographs - you never quite get the feeling that you  know these characters or have their full stories. Maybe if Beryl Bainbridge  were sitting alongside me to fill in the gaps. Nevertheless, I'm ready to  plunge into another Bainbridge and am curious to know if anyone else has  favorites.
The news of the death of Beryl Bainbridge last year made me want to read books by a very accomplished writer. In our book club we chose to read Master Georgie.This was a great disappointment. We should have asked for advice on what books to read. The book was nominated for the Booker prize in 1998, but did not win the award.While there is an interesting historical episode as the background, and there were different viewpoints, the reader never feels that this is a book that must be read. At times it seemed disjointed. There were narratives from different characters, but that style did not feel the gaps. Different narratives normally means the reader gets an insight into an event from different perspectives. This did not happen.So need to read other books to appreciate the greatness of Beryl Bainbridge
I finished this book as fast as I could. I felt the author was on another wavelength to the reader. I didn't care that the story was about this Georgie fellow. He seemed peripheral and the written perspective on him  oblique. The writing was good and I may try some other of the authors works  but the plot was feeble. Try Pat McCabe's breakfast on Pluto for energy and  a raw story or Ian McEwan's Amsterdam for a page turner with a plot of some  interest. Thumbs down for this one.
In a revolving first person narrative, three people who are close to George narrate the events of their mid-nineteenth century life. These narrations center around photographs taken at certain points. Through the course of the novel the idea of an image taken is made increasingly more complex as is the mystery of George who is most often portrayed idealistically as a man of high knowledge and wisdom. Through the carefully written language of the narrative, there are surprisingly human incidents and facts revealed that are startlingly human. These are placed in the frame of the historical context leading to the war between England and Russia. The gruesome events of the war that follow strip each of the three characters of their pretence and leaves them yearning for the image of their lost ideal, Master George. This is a fascinating experiment in looking at ways of perception, the identities they fashion for people and the personal impact of assumptions about other people's identities.
I was attracted to this mesmerizing novel by its meditations on 19th century photography, Victorian middle-class hypocrisy and the Crimean War. Photography binds this brief novel together and Bainbridge revels in its  historical and metaphorical possibilities. She organizes her chapters  around photographs, which makes the reader immediately aware that she/he is  to infer meaning from this practice and speculate on the role of  photography in determing what and how we see and remember. Bainbridge is  very sensitive to and aware of 19th century photography: its use during the  Crimean War (the first war that photographs were taken of), connection to  both science and magic, and the practice of post-mortem photography. The  reader does have to work to explore the themes suggested by the author, but  her historical grounding, lucid prose and rich subject make the effort  worthwhile.
Bainbridge is simply a genius.Master Georgie is a classic.An entralling read,full of off beat characters whose hope and dreams are tragically mistimed.Their miserable lives entwined poetically reaching a climax in a  wasteful war. A brilliantly gripping ripping yarn of a story subtly and  savagely told by a master.
A masterful evocation of a time and a war that took place 150 years ago and life's little ironies that brought these characters together in the first place to determine their fate.
At first, I was going to tick Beryl Bainbridge off for writing too well, too literary.  I thought it nonsense that an illiterate girl in nineteenth century Liverpool could never write such exquisite prose as evidenced in  this novel, and that this was a case of the authorial voice being too  strong.  As it happened, I couldn't have been more wrong.  This novel is  narrated by the close acquaintances of 'Master Georgie' (although some are  closer than others), starting with the illiterate Myrtle.  Immediately we  are drawn into the action, as this sequence of a photograph being taken  will resound throughout the novel.  'Master Georgie' is incredibly subtle,  and it is only by looking back over it that you begin to appreciate that  this is the most suitable of beginnings.  Here is where Myrtle begins on  her road to becoming a lady.  And what an unsavory road it is, as Myrtle's  help is initially required to cover up the manner in which George Hardy's  father has died, and leads to the bloody battlefields of the Crimea.  Also  assisting with the cover-up is the duck-boy and street urchin, Pompey Jones  and the pompous Dr. Potter, whose narrations are by far the best.  George  Hardy himself is an ambiguous figure, seen only through the eyes of others.  It may be a fault that we never really get to know him.  This is a novel  of cameras, carnality, and carnage.  The dreadful shadow of history is cast  upon it, with the famous charge of the Light Brigade lightly alluded to.  One almost expects to run into a lady with a lamp at every corner, but  fortunately, Bainbridge avoids this excess.  She takes events frozen in  time, such as the front cover's photograph, and brings them into life and  death, and maybe even beyond.  The camera never lies... Or does it?  Bainbridge fervently burrows into the psyche of characters, enabling them  to bring about apparitions vivid enough to be captured by film.  In my  mind's eye, I see Bainbridge pouring over ancient photographs from the  Crimea, trying to put names to faces and to see if she could walk around in  their bloody shoes.  She succeeds.  If I'd have been on 1998's Booker  panel, I know I would have placed Bainbridge before McEwan.  And the reason  wouldn't have the desire to give her a consolatory, but demeaning, long  service award.  In this instance, 'Master Georgie' speaks for itself.
At first glance Master Georgie by Beryl Bainbridge suggests it might be quite a light book, an easy read, a period piece set in the mid-nineteenth century. This would be wrong. Master Georgie is no safe tale of country house manners, of marriages imagined by confined, embroidering young women. Beryl Bainbridge's Master Georgie is anything but a tale of such saccharine gentility.Master Georgie is a surgeon and photographer, and the book is cast in six plates - photographic plates, not chapters. Death figures throughout. From start to finish morbidity crashes into the lives of the book's characters. We begin with Mr Moody, dead in a brothel bed, his host of minutes before in shock. Later we move to the Crimean War, where the carnage is graphic, extensive and apparently random. And even then individuals find their own personal ways of adding insult and injury to the suffering.The book uses multiple points of view. We see things Master Georgie's way. Myrtle, an orphan he takes in, adds her perspective. The fussy geologist, Dr Potter, imprints his own version of reality. And still there are less than explained undercurrents, undeclared motives which affect them all. Thus, overall, Master Georgie is a complex and ambitious novel. Though it is set in a major war, the backdrop is never allowed to dominate. The characters experience the consequences of conflict and register their reactions, but we are never led by the nose trough the history or the geography of the setting.But we also never really get to know these people. Myrtle, perhaps, has the strongest presence. She has a slightly jaundiced, certainly pragmatic approach to life. But even she finds the privations of wartime tough. Why the characters of Master Georgie are all so keen to offer themselves as support for the war effort is an aspect of the book that never fully revealed itself. And ultimately this was my criticism of Beryl Bainbridge's book. While the overall experience was both rewarding and not a little shocking, I found there was insufficient delineation between the characters and their differing motives. The beauty of the prose, however, more than made up for any shortcoming. The language created the mixed world of mid-nineteenth century politeness and juxtaposed this with the visceral vulgarities of soldiering and the general struggle of life. This rendered Master Georgie a complex, moving and quite beautiful book.
It is amazing how some writers can blather on for hundreds of pages and yet be barren of memorable phrase or image, yet how a select few demonstrate the maxim of &quot;less is more.&quot;  Beryl Bainbridge and  her most recent novel Master Georgie surely fall into this latter category.  Each chapter in this short (190 pages) novel takes its title from a  picture illustrating its contents.  This is an effective technique, as the  photographic image provides both a jumping-off point for Bainbridge's  particular scene and narrator (the novel is given from several points of  view) and a framing device for the scene. I look forward to more of her  fiction.
The back cover of this book praises Beryl Bainbridge for her &quot;deadpan prose&quot; and her &quot;emotionless sentences&quot;. It's ironic how attibutes like these can possibly be descriptions of a good writer. It is these very faults that bring about the ruin of MASTER GEORGIE.The novel spans the years 1846-1854. Master Georgie, or George Hardy,  is the young son of a rich Liverpool merchant. He is a shadow figure in the sense that he never takes over the narration of the story. That is left up to three other characters. One of these is Myrtle, an orphan who was taken in by the Hardys as a child and is deeply in love with George. She follows him in his restless wanderings of Liverpool. One night, in a sordid episode they find George's father dead in the bed of a prostitute. Along with another character who does narration, Pompey Jones (a street hustler), they are able to cover up the scandal that would have hurt and tarnished his family. The three characters are bonded by this secret for the rest of their lives, and as the novel progresses this deepens into love, both sexual and spiritually. It becomes a love triangle which causes a lot of pain and little satisfaction. The last voice that enters into the picture is  the eccentric Dr. Potter who has a hankering for George's sister. Nobody likes the guy because instead of confronting life, he dwells instead in books, mainly the classical writers of Rome and Greece. When you start a conversation with him, he begins quoting from an author instead of communicating sense to you. Towards the latter part of the book, all the characters become involved in the Crimean War. Or actually George becomes involved in the war and wherever he is it sucks the others with him. Just like all wars, this one changes the future of not just the combatants but also of the bystanders.The parts of the book set in Liverpool are quite good and interesting. They seem to be written with more passion and personal knowledge than the war scenes. The books problem lies in the deadpan writing. It's like watching the stand up comedy of Steven Wright, where a monotone voice is supposed to make you laugh by its very absence of emotion. It's the same thing here. We are supposed to feel horror and love through understatement when neither of these emotions are capable of understatement. The closer I got to the end, the more bored I got. I skipped over some pages to get to the end. I didn't care about the character's fates. I just wanted to say i finished it.
&quot;Farmer Giles of Ham&quot; is vintage Tolkien encapsulated. Ham is a farmer who owns a cowardly dog named Gorm. The two of them set out to dispose of a dragon named Chrysophylax who is terrorizing the shire. They do defeat Chrysophylax, but how? Well, you have to listen to Sir Derek  Jacobi (best known in the USA as the stammering Emperor Claudius in the  Masterpiece Theatre series of the '70s; also as Brother Cadfael in The  Cadfael Mysteries) read you the story, as he does with the same elegance he  brings to all his performances. Sir Derek is a true master of the spoken  word. The combination of a writer like Professor Tolkien and a reader like  Sir Derek is truly rare and wonderful. And the delight does not stop with  &quot;Farmer Giles&quot;; the stories in this little book abound with  imagination and excellence.
The narrative is an excellent one. But the name of the story is a  give-away...It could have been named something else only to make it harder  for the reader to guess the outcome.One associates Archer's shortstories  with unexpected endings and this story is a dissapointment in that respect.  Having said that, otherwise the story is engaging and the style of  narration interesting.
'The Grass is Always Greener' is a short story from Archer's latest offering, 'To Cut A Long Story Short' (surprisingly not listed here at Amazon).  Not twenty pages long, it portrays the relationships between  people at Critchley's Bank, starting with homeless Bill, who sleeps outside  the building.  Kevin, the doorman is next.The story progresses up the  chain of employees, culminating in Sir William, the bank's chairman.  Each  character is shown to be jealous of the person ahead of them in the pecking  order; but as we move further up the ladder, those characters provoking  such jealousy have such great problems that no-one would want their  position.It is an interesting tale in what is otherwise Archer's most  lacklustre offering of short stories to date.
Can't say enough nice things about Billy.  If he doesnt make you laugh you are either dead or just way too uptight.  I will say that some of his humor is visual so a video would be preferable to the audio tape, but I have listened to this on my trips back and forth to teach evening classes several times and it always gets me in a good mood.  Billy is absolutely the very best of the best.
This stand up is fantastic!If ever you've wished that you could watch a truly great comedian, then this is for you. There's no pretention or highbrow jokes designed to make you think...just good ol' fun. Oh, and if you hate Michael flatly, this is definately for you!!
It isn't obvious from anything on this page, but this is a cassette.  Not the end of the world, but kind of low-fi.  I'm sure I'll get around to converting it someday, but it would be nicer to not have to.Of course, the main thing is the comedy which is pretty solid.  Ardal mainly does observational humor with a bit of an absurd twist.  Unfortunately, he tends to be a visual comedian - I mean, I can laugh just to look at him - so you miss out on his facial expressions, but there are few bits that are solely visual gags.  You hear uproarious laughter from the audience, but they don't work with only the aural experience.Also, a number of the bits are topical and therefore kind of dated (Michael Flatley jokes)  That isn't so much of a complaint, but more of an observation, because ultimately they are funny, but it doesn't have that "timeless" feel to it.So, if you are an Ardal nut and don't mind time warp technology, go right ahead, but others beware the limitations.
This is the greatest children's chess book ever. it introduces children (and adults) to the pieces, how they move, their value, and lays a great foundation for further skills development
Great book and I've got it in good shape and in better time. Love the dust jacket and the illustration. This book comes handy even for adults who haven't play chess for decades!.
I learned how to play chess at the age of 11 with these books and I UNDERSTOOD chess immediatelly. Now, many many years later, I am byuing these again and I am eager to teach my growing daughter how to play ... she is only 2 now, but I noticed that the nice illustrations have already captivated her!!! She knows the pieces already and we are moving on to how they move :-)
Unfortunately this book is out of print, but it is by far the best book which helped get my son interested.  The drawings are delightful and full of expression.  For example, (and I'm paraphrasing) "The pawns are foot soldiers, marching up one by one, and can stubbornly block others from advancing".In short, the analogy to soldiers in war is what my son likes so much about the book.  He gets to attack me and strategize about it.  He is given freedom among a few rules (you can move whereever you want but only diagonally, in the case of the bishop).  I was amazed at how fast he was strategizing several moves ahead.  The final pages are full of advanced terms and all are explained well, with pictures to help explain the moves and practice "games".I wish the UK would reprint this book, in hardcover.  The paperback we got (only thing left) will not last long.
Awesome pop-up book for any collector or young Star Wars Fan!! 5 stars!! My second favorite Star Wars pop-up book!!
I am satisfied with the product, but the quality could be better. I recommend the product as satisfactory. The service was excellent. I got the product before the scheduled deliver.
I am very happy to have found this copy with the music written in it.  They were hard to find.  I'm enjoying it by taking it to the meetings of the church, and writing in the english above the words I don't know, besides using it when I play the keyboard.  This copy is a nice hard cover, spiral bound copy and should last me a long time.  I was also very happy with the speedy delivery, since I needed it to arrive at my friend's place before he came to visit me, so it could be brought with him. Thank you.
We'd had been looking for this book all over the place and I decided to check online and order it, it was such a great buy. Amazing traditional songs. BUY IT
I have the worship book and use it on my trips to Guatemala, but cannot always remember the tunes when I return home.  This book with the music is perfect, because now I can play or hum the tunes to remember them!!!Thank you!
Lift Him up - Volume 1 has several older songs that are almost impossible to find the sheet music and proper arrangements...very useful for singing specials in Church.
It is always possible to become lulled into thinking &#34;Piano Sonata&#34; equates with Mozart, Haydn, or Beethoven. Even adding Schubert and Brahms does not take in all the German Sonatas. E.T.A. Hoffmann's sonatas are lovely and well constructed pieces. They sound a bit like a cross between Mozart (whom he idolized) and Beethoven.It is so easy to remember Hoffmann as a writer of stories - many and all fantastic. Or we think of him as the subject of an opera. But here we find the composer. Highly recommended as a new area that can certainly enjoy scrutiny. These are fully enjoyable pieces, pianistically idiomatic. One need have no apologies here, as one does on some of the earlier Italian opera composers. These are enjoyable to play (not easy!!!) and colorful.
I grew up with this book, but there are four kids in my family and only one book. As full grown adults, we all have such fond memories of this book that we are all fighting about who gets it. I just went ahead and ordered one, since I have a two year old and I want him to experience the same joy I did with this book. From classic poems to classic tales, this is a beautifully illustrated book, and one you will not regret purchasing. If you are lucky enough to find one with the dust cover, snatch it up. They are extremely rare. My parents' book still has it, but I couldn't find one with it.
cute board book for the cat lover or animal loverauthor of "Hobo Finds A Home"
In a tearful heartwarming story, we see that Mog has a next of kin.  With her hands full with two little kittens, Mog is unable to leave her cat box (with the kittens) to sleep with Nicky.  Two of Nicky's friends come by to visit Mog and the kittens, wishing that they themselves had a kitten.  The kittens actually want homes of their own.  Nicky decides to give the two kittens to the very same (two young girls) friends who were admiring them.  The two girls' families are shown, happy, with Mog's kittens.  While Nicky and Mog are sad at first, they both realize that it's what's best for all involved, and Mog resumes sleeping with Nicky again.
This is an adorable pop up book,very clever paper engineering and cute story. Hard to find in good condirion as some of the pop ups are fragile.
Everyone loves pop-up books and everyone loves castles. (Or at least I do.)This pop-up book, part of the Carousel line by HarperCollins from 1997, is absolutely delightful. The level of detail here is satisfying. There's castle exterior and 6 rooms: an entryway, a two-story throne room, two bed chambers, an armory, and a dining room. Lots of furnishings, wall decorations, light fixtures, doors that open -- and when you pull down the drawbridge two people on horseback crossing it are revealed! Additionally, there are punch-out characters. This is more satisfying than the plastic castle that I thought was pretty cool when I was a kid.When fully opened, the front and back covers meet, and are tied together creating a 360 degree diorama.And this isn't one of those pop-up books that will be quickly trashed. The cardboard is quality and the engineering of the pop-ups is intelligent and surprisingly sturdy.I love this thing.
Delightful stories of  toys' adventures. The stories engage our interest and relate to incidents that children can understand and appreciate.
nice and big.  lots of stories, and illustrations. maddy has the pocket library too, and loves both of them...p e a c e
A great book for children who have graduated from 'One, Two, Buckle My Shoe'Rhyme. Counting one to ten with your young ones will never be the same again as characters from various fairy tales blend very well with the number rhymes. For each tale revisited, children get to answer questions on each fairy tale. Knowing they have answered correctly as each flap is lifted will make them want to move on and guess the next fairy tale trivia as the number rhyme continues. An excellent book to introduce rhymes to young children and a great book to get the 3's and 4's make up their own number rhymes.
This was a favourite of a daughter who was given it for her third birthday - and it fast became a loved book by our four children, and then the next generation.A wonderful collection for ages up to 12 or so. So much in it from "The Jumblies" on - long poems, short ones, happy and sad. Charming illustrations. A wonderful present for boys and girls.
Had this as a child and loved it. Wanted to get hold of it for ages and share with the family
shipping took quite sometimes, because seller shipped from UK. but book arrived way before the estimated delivery date.book quality is very nice for a used book printed in the 70s.small tears on the bindings. ome more tear inside the book.but those are minors, because i love the content so much.
What a cute story and pop-up is a very nice touch. I highly recommend this book to all age groups. Kids will love this book!
Mog's Family of cats is a nice, non challenging book to be read to little kids.  Each page has a small drawing (lots of white space around it) and a sentence about the family member.  A sample page will show, e.g., a cat with a fish in its mouth and food everywhere with the line, "Here is Mog's grandpa who is always hungry".In all, a sweet but very retro/old fashioned kind of book that can seem a bit bland compared if compared to the modern full page art spreads of more modern books.
Each page shows a different member of Mog the cat's family, and what they like to do best.  At the end, they all get together for Mog's birthday party (she's 3).  Toddlers will enjoy identifying what each cat is doing, and other animals in some of the pictures, and you can have them count the candles on Mog's cake.  The book is short enough not to tax toddler attention-spans, and engaging enough that even preschoolers will ask to read it again.Mog is a wonderful family pet, not anthropomorphized, but enjoyed for what she is and loved by her family.
This little board book follows a day in the life of a young child as he and his cat each do various tasks in their own way--stretching, washing, eating, and at the end, sleeping--it's a perfect bedtime book.It's short enough to not overtax a toddler's attention span, and the comparisons between the ways children and cats do things will make it enjoyable even for slightly older children.
This book is really done well with all of its moving parts and it is sturdy. A great version of the story as well.
Excellent buy for a communion cup holder.  We have a small church and this was perfect for our communion cups.
If you love the old time hymns in the Baptist tradition (Fanny Crosby, etc) that really praise God, then this hymnal is for you!I was thinking about getting my own copy for a long time and finally did.I am very pleased that i ordered it and it just arrived today. The first and only church i have seen this hymnal is is "Center Point Independent" in Center Point, AL, near Birmingham. This hard cover red book was the standard hymnal wed'e use every morning, and Pastor Baker would always start us with "Good Old 69", "Safely Through Another Week." We would praise God for keeping us for another week, i was also introduced to this hymn this way and have not heard it any place else.As i've only seen it at one church, i cannot tell you what other churches or denominations "Great Hymns of the Faith" is used at (some other reviews to give us a heads up would be interesting), but it appears to be a non-denominational hymnal produced by Zondervan Singspriation with a more or less Baptist persuasion. There are topical as well as song title and composer indexes in the back, as well as topical Bible chapters and responsive readings. Also included are patriotic songs such as "America the Beautiful" and "The Star Spangled Banner." This hymnal would work great for a church of any denomination that truly seeks to praise God with His word uncompromised. It is filled with lots and lots of "familiar favorites" as well as new ones. I discovered lots of new ones just this afternoon i neither knew the words nor tunes to, and i thought i knew alot of Baptist hymns! These hymns tell it like it is, and are a great way to understand the gospel even if you never pick up a Bible.Get this hymnal for family singing around the piano (does anyone do that anymore?) or for the new church your starting (if you want the word of God, that is.) You won't be disappointed and neither will God!
Suddenly one was taken is an excellent book - It is a &quot;short story&quot; compared to others like it (ie.Left Behind) The great thing about this book is that it's beginning pages give a description of what it  felt like being raptured.  The book holds your attention from chapter one  to the very end.  I was kind of disappointed about the ending but all in  all a very good story and probably quite accurate, but we won't know until  it happens.
I attended an in depth study on Daniel last Fall and this is a wonderful follow-up to that study. Clarence Larkin is a great authority on Daniel. Love it!
This is a classic Larkin book great for Bible study and can be trusted to be accurate.
Book in like-new condition, I paid a total around $14; not particularly cheap. Larkin wrote this in 1929, a very gifted writer in this area. You cannot expect him to know about the quick rise of Muslim as today (July 2014); but worth of your time to finish these 250 pages to have a good idea,  The English in this book is amazingly easy to read. A good book.
The Best explanation and Exposition of the Book of Daniel I have read. At last I feel I am beginning to understand Daniel's Book.
This is an excellent book for the advanced readers of Bible prophecy study. Read it together with the Book of Revelation.
Great book. One of the classics by Clarence Larkin. If you want to understand the book of Daniel , this is a great book.
This book takes a very cryptic book of the Bible and lays out the trail by connecting the dots. Can't put it down.
This book was written in the 1920's and a lot of things have happened that Mr. larkin could never have dreamed about, nevertheless his insight is truely amazing and makes the Bible come alive.
Very good work by Clarence Larkin. I really loved the book and enjoyed reading it. I found it very helpful in my Sunday school teachings.
My Community Bible Study Teacher had often made the statement that the Book of Daniel in the Old Testament is the key to the rest of the Bible.  Now, that was compelling enough for me to go home and read it.  The history given in the beginning of the book was easy to understand, but the prophesy given from this book of the Bible was very complicated.  I didn't get it at all.  Then someone told me about Clarence Larkin, so I ordered several of his books including this one.  As I read, I thanked God for his insights.  His Book of Daniel explained everything in an easy readable way.  It was his last of several bible teaching books.  This Baptist Preacher was dying but held on until he finished his Book of Daniel.  I'm thankful for that, because I am one who didn't understand, and now I do. And, by the way, my Bible Study Teacher had been right.
great book.  clarence larkin does a great job explaining daniel and how it relates to the bible and to the future.
Clarence Larkin has a great way of communicating &#34;hard&#34; to understand passages.  I have a friend who recommended him this spring.
This is a wonderful book to study with The Greatest Book on  Dispensational Truth in the World  by Clarence Larkin.
I ordered this book for my pastor. He has several books by this author. When it came, I started looking through it. I loved all the charts and easy explanations of passages in Revelation, so I ordered another one for myself. If you're wanting to understand Revelation better, then this is the book for you. It may have been written long ago, but it is so relevant for today.
First of all, it's important to understand that the author penned this reference book in 1919. Quite a lot has changed in the world in the last 90 years. As even he notes, the meaning of the book of Revelation was to be sealed until the time that it would become pertinent. Which is to say, nobody would quite get it until the events start to unfold and it all suddenly makes sense. I highly doubt a book that was written before commercial airplanes existed would present the best explanation for events happening in a world dominated by smartphones, the internet, debit cards, and did I mention commercial airlines?Be that as it may, it still explains the basics of eschatology fairly well, altho in a very culturally quaint way. In spite of its lack of modern sophistication it gets the main historical points right. But if you want to REALLY understand the end times prophecies, you'll need to dig a lot deeper than this book. And this is essentially the same as 90% of all eschatological reference materials, which mostly explain (wrongly) that the Antichrist will be a jew and will be accepted and outwardly benevolent by jews for a time. Or conversely, that he will be a pope and the allegedly revived Roman Empire will be the one world religion and government that will persecute the jews and christians.The problem with this author, having written his book so long ago, is that his world wasn't aware of the huge upsurge of Islamic antagonism that would become prevalent in the future. If you read this book, I don't think you'll notice a single reference to Islam. But if you study Islamic prophecy, you'll see a huge parallel with the book of Revelation. However, the good guys and the bad guys are on completely different sides depending on which religion you're studying. While there are always "two sides to any story", there will be only one right side in this epic. Christianity claims Jesus is the son of God. Islam claims Jesus is a prophet (of lower importance than Muhammed) and that he (Jesus) will return in the End Times to proclaim Christianity to be false. Islam says that Jesus is a muslim who was never crucified.In reality, Islam is the Beast. The Islamic Madhi to come is the Antichrist (probably from Fatima, Italy). A muslim 'jesus', as predicted in Islamic prophecy, is the False Prophet. None of that is mentioned in this book. But then, it's rarely mentioned in any book written more than 5 years ago. Since the assumptions of the main characters is off, much of the supporting information of this book is also off base.I'm not saying don't read this book. I'm just saying it's not all accurate. But it has really nice woodcut images.
Mr. Larkin's book is easy to read and understand..The drawings are exact and give more clarity to his teaching....I have never read a more detailed account of the Book of Revelation than this one....
I am an avid reader of books of Biblical Prophecy, and I feel that Clarence Larkin's &quot;The Book of Revelation&quot; is the best on the book of Revelation. Mr. Larkin provides charts for the student, and does verse by verse analysis of the book.  If you want to study the Book of Revelation. I would submit Clarence Larkin's &quot;The Book of Revelation&quot; as your first tool of study.
All of Clarence Larkin's books are enlightening and can be related to in this century.  Every Christian should have this book.
timely and efficient serviceI really enjoy reading Larkin's work, though I have not read this one yet. I will
If I had read the back cover, I would not have purchased this book. The work of Clarence Larkin is an excellent study of the Book of Revelation [a book of the Holy Bible] and should not be categorized as an anthology of classic literature. The cover demeans the work of the author.
Clarence Larkin is the best interpreter of the Bible.  His hand drawn charts and exceptional.  I have all of his books and charts.
Gives me added insight.  I like the charts that makes things clearer.  It is a deeper study than some writers give.
This book is well written and very organized. The author did an excellent job of explaining a complicated subject and I was surprised at how easy it was to read. It was so interesting and informative that couldn't put the book down once I started to read it. I purchased four more books of different titles and read them with the same ease. It's not that the subject is any easy read but it was so clearly explained and flowed very nicely as it untangled many questions that I had concerning prophecy. I purchased this title for a friend of mine and highly recommend this book to anyone interested in Bible prophecy.
I purchased the Kindle edition of this book and decided to buy a paperback copy because the book has various charts that are important to the content. The charts on the Kindle version are scanned at a low resolution so it is nearly impossible to make out the text once the pictures are enlarged. I went ahead and ordered the paperback copy so I could see the charts clearly only find out that this book is missing them. It has a few of the illustrations that the Kindle edition has but it is missing ALL of the charts. If you want a complete edition of this book skip the paperback.
I believe this is the best explanation of the Book of Revelation I have ever read, the late Rev. Clarence Larkin is simply a genius and with the charts it so easy to get a better knowledge this book. Thanks.
Great book. One of the classics by Clarence Larkin. In my studies over ther years - I felt that Revelation is a very difficult book to understand.This book helps- excellent material.
After years of study, Clarence Larkin has produced one of the greatest works of the Book of Revelation. He writes in a way that makes the Book of Revelation easy to understand. I have many books by other authors on the subject, But Clarence Larkin is the best.
Larkin published several books on Biblical studies.in the 1910's and 20's. Revelation has a constant narrative with a beginning, middle and end. It is also one of the essential sacred texts and required reading for anyone interested in religion.This book is a great reference whether they are &#34;dispensationalists&#34; on not. Highly recommended reading. Thanks Amazon
A must read. One book of the bible that's a mastery is Revelation and this book my be of great help. Pick it up and see what I mean.
This book by Clarence Larkin was given as a gift, and I understand that the person who received it is very pleased with the teaching as it is presented clearly and precisely. It arrived when promised, and I am very pleased with the condition and the packaging.
This is another wonderful book by Clarence Larkin. It was a gift for my husband since this is one of his favorite authors.He said it was an interesting  and informative book.
The material is very easy to understand.  The author acknowledges that there are different opinions,  but states very plainly with the scriptures to support his view point.  His writing is from the early 1900s and is very accurate with the path that the world is going.  This all comes from a Holy Spirit leading of the understanding of the scriptures.I would recommend this book for a first time study of Revelation or for those who want a deeper study, it will serve both as well.
The ad for the book has a pictorial diagram of the Revelation plan but it isn't in the book.Other items in the book are good but without the progressive diagram, it's too difficult to follow.
This is a very understandable and readable book.  One of the best I have ever used.
After reading 4-5 different books on this subject I was perfectly delighted to come across this book.  It was exactly what I was looking for to have a grasp on the upcming actions illustrated in the best way I can understand:  Graphs.  The book also gives very good cross reference across the Bible Books.
This books appears to have been scanned.  A TON of the words are misspelled, and the formatting is messed up.  There are numbers and special characters mixed in with the words.  Usually it is obvious what word it is supposed to be, but other times it's not clear.Here are some examples:"DanieFs" instead of "Daniel's""i>>" instead of "in"">men" instead of "amen""SevcaJieth" instead of "Seventieth""XmiJS" instead of ??????It averages out to be about one mistake per page.  The content of the book is excellent.  Unfortunately how it was scanned / converted did not go very well.  It should have been corrected somehow.  I recommend a different Kindle version of this book.
I now know who the Anti Christ is.  He perfectly fits what the scriptures have to say about him.  It is to complicated to explain there, but he stands ready right now to assume his role, which tells me the rapture is imminent.  When I saw that my heart skipped a beat.  GET READY!!!!
This is a Disciple U  class in a Baptist church.  They are enjoying it. This is a 10 week study class.
Great help
This was the 1st book by Larkin that I read and I am glad I did.. To anyone trying to understand Revelations or anyone wanting to further their knowledge , read this book. Its an easy read for the beginner and deep enough for the scholar..I chose this book according to the reviews and would like to thank those that did a review .. Your help was the help I needed .
Without a doubt, IMHO, this book has got to be one of the best ever done on the last book of the Bible and how those thing written there relate to other prophetic books of the Bible (Especially the book of Daniel) and history. It is beautifully written and has many detailed charts and pictures. What is really cool is to realize this book was done in the early 1900's, before The Jewish people went back home and reclaimed the land God promised them. I loved this book and it confirmed the truth found within the Bible. RMS
THANK YOU FOR BEING SO PROMPT IN SENDING MY BOOK.  MY PASTOR IS ALWAYS GIVING US SOMETHING TO LOOK UP AND WITH MY BOOKS I AM ALWAYS READY TO SEARCH OUT THE ANSWERS.  THANK YOU FOR MY BOOKS ALWAYS BEING IN GREAT SHAPE AND NICE AND CLEAN AND NO TORN PAGES OR THE BOOKS ALL MARKED UP.
Another great work by Clarence Larkin! I really enjoyed reading this book and it was very helpful teaching the book of Revelation.
fantastic book.  follows the book of rev very closly and the book is probably 30% just direct quoting of the bible.  I didn't realize until after I read the book that it was republished in 2007 but was written in 1919!
great book.  clarence larkin does a great job with this book in explaining revelations and makes it easy to understand
I just recently started studing this book.  I have enjoyed what I have read so far, but I have too many other books going to really get the full benefit out of it.
Haven't really got to the content of it yet. However, I love this big size book, cover, and the wide margins. Highlighter ready!
This book is amazing. The charts really make it! I am so happy to have this for a study guide. Thanks, Amazon!
All,This is the version of this book that you want.  An excellent book, and good to get your thoughts going.
This is a great book to understand dispensational truth, to know the difference between Mosaic Law, The Kingdom and Grace. The charts are great and will give you a visual on the different ages and dispensations. I do not agree with Larkin about the gap theory in the beginning,the scriptures are clear on a young earth 6 day creation.
THIS BOOK HAD SO MUCH INFORMATION IN IT FOR A BIBLE STUDENTS..AND YOU CAN DEPEND ON HIM BEING TRUE TO THE SCRIPTURES..WISH THERE WERE MORE BOOKS ON THIS SUBJECT..WAS IN GREAT CONDITION. WISH WE HAD MORE GODLY MEN LIKE HE IS.
Highly recommend. Very good book for revealing things in revelation with other scripture that would take a long period of time to discover on one's own. So I guess you could say it is a time saver and reveals insight through other scripture.
I needed this book for a bible study group. I could not find it anywhere.i bought  others by him too.the information and condition of the books was great.
this is the greatest book ever. it is really helpfull if you are studing revelations.  this book has so much information it is wonderful.
I  got my first copy of this book back in 1961. It was one of the first printed (very old at that time) and was in a scroll type layout. I have since bought three more over the years to give to friends. If you are interested in Bible study, Give this a shotGREAT
Our purchase of this book is a repeat...we loaned ours and never received it back...it's that good!  The informational is according to the Bible and a timely resource.
Clarence Larkin was ahead of his day in that he wrote about the Feasts of the Lord and wrote about the prophetic significance of each of these Feast Days. The Feast Days are mentioned in scripture to be kept by Israel forever. Each of these days have significance in God's plan of salvation for Israel and for the world.He also says Christ was crucified on 30 AD. Most churches use 31 or 33 AD because they don't understand that Christ, according to Daniel 9, was to be crucified in the middle of the week. That would be a Wednesday. If you were look at a Hebrew calendar for 30 AD you would see that Nisan 14 (Passover) fell on a Wednesday that year. The disciples were trying to bury Christ before the holy day (1st Day of Unleavened Bread) that happened to follow Passover. Thus they buried him as Wednesday was coming to an end at sunset. They buried him as Wednesday was coming to an end near sunset. 3 days and 3 nights later was Saturday, The Sabbath Day, as it was about to come to an end at sunset. That is when Christ rose. He rose on Sabbath, just before Sunday was about to begin. Christ rose on Sabbath, and not on Sunday. Christ is Lord of the Sabbath Day, as He said in scripture. The Lord's Day is Sabbath, not Sunday. God blessed the 7th Day in Scripture, and made it holy. Man cannot make Sunday holy. Man has no authority to change God's blessed day to Sunday. Sunday anciently was a day when people worshipped the Sun. God made heaven and earth in 7 days according to Genesis, and blessed the 7th Day, and rested from His work. This is His creation. He, as Creator, has every right to tell man when He wants us to worship Him as a community. That is the 7th Day Sabbath Day. John 1 tells us that Christ is the Word, and it was the Word that was with God and the Word was God. Thus Christ created the Sabbath day, and pronounced it holy, and also called Himself the Lord of the Sabbath. Man is wrong to pronounce Sunday the Lord's Day when it never was. Christ said that He was Lord of the SABBATH. He still is. Sabbath is the Lord's Day, and always has been.Study the Feasts of the Lord. The Sabbath is mentioned as one of those feast days. And, notice, these day are called by God THE FEASTS OF THE LORD, not the Feasts of the Jews! Also notice that in Geneses, the 7th Day was created for man (as Christ also said). Adam and Eve were present, but no Jew existed at that time.  THE FEAST DAYS OF GOD ARE FOR MAN, made to reveal the plan of God as revealed in His Holy Calendar. Study about the Feast Days and see what Clarence Larkin says of the significance of each of these Feast Days of the Lord in his superb book!
Again received this prior to estimated delivery date. For those who are interested in a great analysis of Biblical Facts, the charts in this are clear, comprehensive and are an excellent way of following God's Plan of the Ages.
Excellent book full of charts and very clear explanations on many doctrinal subjects.Although written in the early 1900's it is still very relavent for today.
This is a wonderful looking book, I have not had a chance to start reading it, however the drawings alone are beyond great. The book arrived within three days of ordering, and the book is in great shape.
This book has nothing to do with SATAN! So, why is it in on the HOT NEW SATANISM list?Wake up Amazon!Someone should at least skim these books before listing them.
Larkin has excellent charts and they are very helpful.  Some of Larkin's positions are unbiblical and unsupported (death before sin, disembodied souls inhabiting the Lake of Fire, Second Blessing theology, etc...). I would recommend Roy B. Zuck's Basic Bible Interpretation for hermeneutic study.
This is an in depth study that should be a must read for any Christian believer or non-believer. I highly recommend!!!
I was very pleased with the condition of the book I ordered and it came in a very timely manner as stated.Beverly
This book was so easy to understand and true to the Word of God.  Larkin backs up his words with scripture and makes you want to read it over and over...
If you are a student of God's Word, then you need to purchase this book. It is an easy book to read, and one that every student needs. It has topics like Atonement, Faith,Dispensation and Ages, the Antichrist, The Church, the Jews. It is filled with information on these topics, and is filled with scripture. If you like Dispensationism, or if you aren't a follower of this type of study, you will learn a lot from Clarence Larkin's &quot;Rightly Dividing the Truth&quot;.
I learned about this resource in Bible Study.  Larkin was surely divinely guided when he wrote this book so long ago.  It is an invaluable asset to my collection.  I intend to take my time, read and study this book, and fully digest the knowledge Larkin in passing on.  Thus far, the book has been in complete agreement with the Holy Word.  It illuminates the Word, giving us graphic visuals to help comprehend the Bible.  This book is a blessing.  I have referred it to friends and  bought a second copy for my Mother, she is a superb Sunday School teacher who seeks and thirsts for the Word.
This is an incredible little book packed with Biblical helps.  Great diagrams regarding prophecy.  Clearly and accurately deals with many subjects from a literal and dispensational view of interpreting the scriptures.  I have had and used this book as a pastor for many years (it was a gift to me 25 years ago); this recent purchase was for a young believer in Christ who read it through and loved it.
I am teaching my minister's in training with the book, and the information in the book gives a better understanding to the class of bibical facts.
I choose the rating based on what I think about the wealth of information in it.I would recommend this book to all new preachers or anyone that wants direction on how to do what the title of the book states
I have  read hundreds of books explaining different aspect of the bible for over 20 years,  but this is the best one yet. It keeps to the bible and to the point. Clarence Larkins is amazing writer and his charts just add extra understanding to his work. This man was truly used of God for this book.
Simple writing style, yet a complete work. This book give a wonderful foundation to anyone  who loves the Word of God.
Rev. Clarence Larkin dedicated his book "To the 'Divine Interpreter' the Holy Spirit who through the years has been my teacher and helper..." Rightly so. From that point on, you'll read, or rather, experience the most enlightening book on scripture ever written.
RIGHTLY DIVIDING THE WORD WAS AN EXCELLENT SOURCE OFINFORMATION, WELL DOCUMENTED, AND PROVIDED TREMENDOUSHELP TO ME IN PREPARING MY ESSAYS WHILE ATTENDING BIBLECOLLEGE.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK.
Very Happy with this purchase. The book was just as described.  Such a really good book.  A must read.  Thank you!
ORDERED THIS BOOK FOR MY HUSBAND.  HE WAS SO HAPPY TO RECEIVE IT AND HE SHOWED IT TO OUR PASTOR AND NOW HE WANTS ONE.  I AM SO HAPPY TO BE ON THIS SITE.  EVERYTIME I NEED SOMETHING, I COME TO THIS SITE AND I CAN ALWAYS FIND WHAT I AM LOOKING FOR.  THANK YOU.  IT COMES IN GREAT SHAPE AND ALWAYS ARRIVE IN GOOD CONIDITION.
This book is a must read for all Christians. It is so informative and will help people to understand the Bible better. The truths in this book are not being taught in our pulpits today nor are they taught in the Sunday Schools.Christians must wake up and start rightly dividing the Word of God and then they will have a better understanding of the Scriptures and Clarence Larkin has done that with this book.
I first heard this exceptional cd in the early 90's; but lost my cassette in a house fire. Listening to this instantly transports one to a quaint village along the Eastern coast. All selections are instrumental; and performed with fresh new arrangements not found on others one might consider comparable. This is my favorite Christmas cd by far; I can highly recommend it to anyone searching for something special to add to their seasonal music collection.
Having owned a Red Plate for some years, it represents the special moments of any birthday, anniversary or othercelebration in our home. I was pleased to find it on Amazon to purchase for my daughter's family to continuethe tradition of celebrating the special moments for her own family. It always makes an occasion specialand brings a smile to anyone who is the special person present to be the recipient. We use a markerto write a note on the back of special celebrations.
This program (which is only available on audiotape, and in USED editions at that) is in a quasi-"TV magazine" format, with a narrator (who unfortunately mispronounces "Samhain" and "Celts") interviewing (via telephone) a number of different persons separately.Persons interviewed include former "witch" Irene Park (author ofWitch That Switched); radio host and author Bob Larson (author of many books such asSatanism: The Seduction of America's Youth); a police officer who represents a Christian group opposing occultism; and finally, someone representing the "alternative Halloween celebration" viewpoint (e.g., where churches can host a party with fun things for kids to do, etc.).This program would be well worth releasing on CD; or better yet, hosting a similar program to be released on DVD (perhaps with fewer "anti" voices," and some DIALOGUE between the various parties).
This is another example of christian fundamentalists who hate everything & everyone who does not abide by their views.  For years they have ranted against society & tried to set little christian worlds apart from the rest of us (as if it was really possible to totally cut themselves from the rest of the world).  But now, not content with living alienated, dull, boring, repressed & illogical lives themselves, they now conspire with their dim-witted acolytes to take away from our children one of the few unsoiled fun holidays of the great American tradition.  Halloween is a far better holiday than Christmas.  During Halloween we have no choice but to trust our fellow human beings as we allow our children to partake of the merryment of the season.  Christmas pays hollow homage to doing good deads to others - in practice, Christmas good deeds are all done towards close family & friends only.  Precious few outside do partake of the kindness despite all platitudes & pompous verbosity to the contrary.  But during Halloween we are all forced to trust others & to live up to that trust ourselves.  We care for and enliven the joy of strangers & their children.  We allow for their exhuberance & they reciprocate.  Neighbors who for 364 days of the year (Christmas included) may pretend you do not exist, now amicably talk with you & join in the joy.  There is no more socially-minded civic holiday in the American tradition than Halloween.  But the thought pattern this book exemplifies sees only evil & darkness in Halloween.  They come up with all sorts of suggestions on how to ensnare a future generation of children away from the holiday into the clutches of their mindset.  By all means, read the book yourself to make up your own opinions on it.  However, I encourage you to read it for free from a library or internet website rather than paying for it.  These people do not deserve to be paid for trying to ram their faith down our throats.  DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK OR ANY LIKE IT.
Years ago, when I was little my bought this tape for us to listen to. It has been listen to so much that the tape is worn and in bad shape. You have to have full volume to even hear it sometimes. I remember sitting in the car listening to it rather that going inside some place with my dad. The song playing was about Isabel the pig. &quot;Isabel is a pig with a ring in her snout. You can dress Izzy up, but you can't take her out. She will jump in the middle of a big muddle, because Isabel is pig.&quot; All the trappings in the world, don't look pretty when you act like a fool or put on a pouty face.My favorite song is &quot;The School of the Fool.&quot; The guy in the song was &quot;A first class, A+, student in the school of the fool.&quot; He was mean, lazy, etc.&quot;Go to the Ant&quot; is really a well known saying from the Bible. It is also something we should be paying attention to. The ant doesn't have a boss looking over her shoulder. She does the work anyway. She works all day. Not like us. Some do may be, but most work a five, six, seven, eight, nine hour shift. Not from son up 'till sun down. &quot;Are you responcible? Do you ever do a job without being told to? Or are you the lazy kind? And you mother and your father always have to scold you?&quot; &quot;Go to the ant, observe her. See how she works all day. And she doesn't even have a captain to tell her what to do, but she works hard anyway. Go to the ant, and listen. Tell me does she complain. She is God's illustration of organisation. God made her, now you immitate her. Go to the ant.&quot; &quot;Well, there was a poor irrisponcible sluggard who slept when there was work to be done. Too late he realized his foolish behavior and poverty struck him like a man with a gun. Go to the ant.&quot;I still find my self singing the song about the seven things God hates. &quot;There are six things, even seven, that the Lord, that he cannot stand: Proud looking eyes, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that thinks of wicked things to do, feet that run to evil do, anyone who loves to lie about others, and one who causes trouble with his brothers.&quot; &quot;God hates things that we should hate too.&quot;&quot;From the lips of the little ones, he has ordained his praise.&quot; &quot;You made man a little lower than the angels, put things under his feet.&quot;&quot;Talk to me. Show me that you care. Talk to me. Listen to what I say. Talk to me. There's so much we can share. I know you love me when you talk to me.&quot; &quot;He always takes the time to talk to me.&quot;I remember times when I didn't care much for Christian music (didn't know much about it either), the music was too dull, but (little children music it may be), music like this appeal to me ten times what the rest did.The beats great, the words are not only great, but (sorry to about half the bands in the world) they are understandable. The message is clear and it is clearly benificial rather that to your potential downfall as some music now a days is.I highly recommend this tape, whether you are getting it for a little kid like my mom was, or you're getting it for yourself. You won't regret it.PS - I'm listening to it as I write this.
This was my favorite CD from my teenage years (grew up in a conservative family) and when I rediscovered it a month ago, I was so excited! My mother and I used to sing along to this as she drove me to and from school, and we would crank up the bass and treble (and volume) and just...enjoy. As my mother says, Steve sings so effortlessly high, and you think he can't go any higher, and then he does!My favorite part about Steve's singing is that you can hear his love for Jesus and you can literally hear him smile!Tracks on this CD:1. Call Upon the Lord2. How Great Thou Art/Be Exalted3. Pray For the Children4. Oh Rend The Skies5. To God Be The Glory6. In His Name7. All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name/Crown Him With Many Crowns8. Your Will Not Mine9. Exalt His Name Together10. To Live Is Christ11. This Is My Holy PlaceI personally believe that this CD is worth purchasing for track #1 alone (although track 2 and 4 come close).
Fatastic, Amazing, Glorious, Wonderful, and Magnificent! I cannot praise this book enough! Exellent for Solos, Concerts, or Competition! The 'When I Survey' arrangement is out of this world! I played on Easter Sunday, and I'm playing it again at a Recital in 2 weeks. These arrangements are the perfect lenghth, and are challenging, yet not frusterating.They deliver a beautiful, powerful message to all that hear them. These reamain in the piano bench! No impossible arpeggios, and lots of creativity! Key changes, tempo changes, and  lots of octaves. They have one really good arrangement of 'All Hail the Power of Jesus Name' and the 'Hallelujah Chorus' that would be great for Competitions... it really makes a statement.These DEFINATELY can stand alone as beautiful solos. Enjoy!
A nearly seamless blend of voices as Tritten continues Spyri's story of "Heidi".I inherited the last Tritten Heidi story, "Heidi's Children", but remarkably, these stories of a young adult Heidi are available at my library only as reference items.Well written book for youth, descriptive, believable story lines with challenges for each character.Good lessons in culture, power of education, relationships, relative poverty and wealth in a community, and reliance on God. Additional insights on the natural beauty found in different regions, ie Lake Geneva vs The Alps.
In this sequel to the memorable Heidi, Heidi is sent to a boarding school at Rosiaz, where, despite the teasing that she got over the Grandfathers present of a packet of goats cheese, she soon settles down, making a special friend, by the name of Jamie. Although, when the Grandfather grows noticeably weaker, she returns to the alps to teach the local school, where she works wonders with the village children, and in particular a boy named Chel...Read this wonderful book to find out what happens!!!
I am 65 and still have "Heidi" book from when I was eight years old. I decided I wanted to read "Heidi Grows Up" and Heidi's Children so reserved them at the library. When they didn't come in after a year I decided to buy them online. I was thrilled to get them and read them again and am now sharing them with some young friendsSo very happy I was able to find them.............and they arrived promptly and in old but "good enough condition" to enjoy
This book is horrible. The writing is choppy. The plot is weak. any fan of Heidi will quickly find this book to be a big disappointment.I'd give this book zero stars if I could!
In this book Jennings and Darbishire manage to help a farmer on a cross country run, but then end up so far behind that they cheat and take a buss, only to be found out by the astute Mr Carter. And that is just the start of the fun in this highly imaginative story in which the author really gets into the clourful imagination of the prep school boys.I loved Jennings as a child, and I am not so old that the language of the books was very dated when I read them! So don't let that put you off. Indeed I think the dated prep school slang of Jennings really adds to the charm of these books which refelct on a slice of life that we all might like to have back.The books are often hilarious. I devoured this series first time around, borrowing books from friends who loved them too. Recently I have been buying up and completing my collection, and re-reading them from the start.Highly recommended. Personally I preferred these to Just William and other such stories.
Growing up this was my oldest daughter's favorite book.  I can still hear her words... she had the book memorized and could recite the entire book.  Now I have my little Sara who is 18 months old reading with Grandma about "Little Black"  this story has truly brought a lot of joy into my family.
I loved this book as a child and was bummed when I went to buy a copy for my own children and realized it was out of print. I found a seller on Amazon.com and was thrilled!Dr. Seuss takes us on a fun trip around the world and we see how children in many areas of the world eat